Lo económico que resultaHave been using Gillette Foamy Shave Cream formulated for 'Sensitive Skin' for many years. And for just as long, have always set the can in the sink of medium hot water to warm up the cream before shaving. Never had one explode yet! My last order (from a different vendor) were different in the fact that there were no foilI made the mistake of purchasing this product, and meant to get the Gillette Series gel. I didn't know Gillette Series made shaving foam, too. Nevertheless, my rating of this product is not a reflection of my not knowing this (read: I will try to be as impartial as possible here!). I have since used this product, and it definitely is better than the foams I've used in the past. However, as other reviewers have noted, it's not as "rich" or full-bodied when it comes out of the can. The 'instructions' (nothing more than a graphic) does not say whether or not to shake the can (as with other foams). Either way (shake or no shake), when you dispense the product, it comes out rather thin, but seems to thicken up a bit, after a second or two. Overall, it's good foam, and I'd give it a higher rating if it wasn't for the 'watery' consistency when it comes out of the can. This can be a (minor) issue at first, as some if it might fall into the sink if you dispense it took quickly (as I have, before I got the hang of it and learned not to press the button too firmly).

In summary:
* If you like foam, you may like this one. 3 stars for now, 4 1I've been using this cream for some time now and I just realized I was able to get it in bulk packs and subscription services. I hate going out to the store to buy things like this (mainly because I wait until I'm out), so the subscription is good. If you are like me with 5 men in the house, you can probably use the six cans pretty easily. We aren't even that hairy of a bunch, so your mileage may vary based on your level of wolverinism and the number people you have.

In terms of the cream itself, I'm a big fan of foam over gel as you don't have to wait for it to foam, you get a better idea of how much you are using and I think it works better to lubricate and hydrate the face. Gillette's is good at all that. I don't have sensitive skin, but I've always used this because it seems easier on my face and it provides for a smooth shave.

Everything said the cream itself is great, but a 6pk is a lot of shaving cream. Great if you have a lot of guys around (better yet if they are particularly hairy).Nice value for the dollar.
Not sure what "sheerness" and "thickness" have to do with shaving cream so I can't "rate" them.
I've used this cream exclusively for some time and it works well.This is a great shaving cream foam. Was worried it was going to be the gel.Gillette Sensitive Skin is my "go-to" brand when traveling and being able to grab six of them at slight less than $3.25 each rather than $2.30 for singles makes it easy for me to stock up. It is like getting almost three FREE cans with a three can purchase. Shelf life is not a problem either if kept in a cool place. No, the garage is a bad idea as is over the stove or on the mantle above the fireplace. This is a good deal.I wasn't able to buy my usual shaving foam (Barbasol) here on amazon.com without paying shipping and handling because for some reason only outside vendors carry it, so I decided to give something else a try, and this seemed like the best value. I haven't experienced any of the watery issues that some other reviewers have, and I wonder if it's perhaps because I hold the can upside down and shake vigourously before each use. Take note, this is a foam, not a gel, and it comes out all foam. I use it on my face and my head, and it does the job, with no bad smell or irritation. Not much you can say...it's shaving foam. It is what it is.I switched to the gel style shave products many moons ago when they first became popular. Then recently, by accident, I picked one of these Gillete foam styles off the store shelf. Because I didn't realize my mistake until a couple of weeks later, I decided to use it. I was pleasantly surprised to discover how much closer and easier it shaved compared to the gels. I tried brand B foam later and it seemed to be more air less moisture. The Gillete product does come out less puffed up, which is due, I'm speculating, to a higher moisture content. So the Gillette Foam is now my daily shave product.The can looked like the one he likes however it wasn't the gel he thought it would be. He still uses it and says it's ok.The item arrived when I was notified it would arrive - in a timely manner. Looks like I am all set with shaving cream for the near future.I've used Gillette Series foam for years...have never been a fan of gels. I get a great shave with the foam, and with a lot less mess, and a lot less odor. I can't believe that a product as good as this is so hard to find. Well, not anymore with Amazon.I ordered this six pack in 2012 and JUST popped open that sixth can. So keep that in mind if you're trying to order in bulk to save money, this purchase is probably way longer term than you're thinking. Also, I thought I was buying the gel, but this is the cream.Couldn't find this in Walmart or Riteaid anymore so looked for it on amazon. Had to buy the six pack, but since it doesn't really expire I'll be set for a few years, haha. I like this cream because it doesn't clog my Gillette fusion razor like the foaming gel does.ShavingMy absolute favorite shaving cream. I have sensitive skin on my neck, and this one is waaaaaay better than gels, which seem to bog down my electric razor. These will probably last a couple of yearsPurchased for a sensory item for play.This stuff is classic, works great and is impossible to find anymore even in the million drugstores of NYC. I hope they are not dis-continuing the product. It seems only the razor-clogging gels are being sold in NYC these days, so I had to buy 6 cans of these just so I could get what I wanted!Been using these for years now. A little goes a long way. Comes out like water then foams up. This is important to note so that you do not dispense too much after thinking there was no foam coming out. I find it better to shake the can 2 or 3 times (not excessively) to make it foam up quicker.This product is great. The price was right and the shaves are great.This is the best I have found. It has a light scent and lasts all day. I will keep ordering.The deodorant works well but you must turn a knob on the bottom to get it out and in the beginning it is impossible to turn. I was disappointed that I bought this.I have struggled with hyperhydrosis my whole life. I was bullied in school for my large pit-stains, and would always have wet circles under my pits, regardless of the temperature outside. I went through several prescriptions from my doctor, which only irritated my skin and made it itch and burn like fire, preventing me from sleep. I received a sample of this product through a female care sample pack through a clinic, and fell in love. I have now been using this deodorant for almost 10 years, and have never been happier with a deodorant. Yes, I still do sweat if it's really hot out, or while working, but that's to be given with any deodorant I believe. Applying this product at night and in the morning has solved the huge wet circles I was always embarrassed of.

Also, this product smells fantastic, and has not irritated my skin even after applying twice daily. I am so happy with this, that i haven't, and won't search for anything else. This is it for me!I was given a trial of this somewhere. I forgot about it and when I used it, it was a bit dry and hard to get out, but worked well. Now that I have a fresh one, it it much nicer to use! I only roll it up one "click" and put it on; you don't need much. But, my complaint is how darn hard it is to turn that dial, If you have hand issues, this may not be for you. I do not like smells in my products, but bought this because people said the smell was light and i either couldn't find or didn't want the fragrance free one (cannot remember now). The fragrance is not bad. It is lighter than many and doesn't smell for long. That said, if you are sensitive to fragrance, it is noticeable when you put it on.

Have no idea how long it will last - given it's price, I hope longer than the last kind I used.Been using exactly this brand, exactly this scent since it came out. This deodorant, seriously changed my whole life. I have always been a sweaty armpit person (not a smelly sweaty, but constant sweat), and was SO insecure about it. All through junior high and high school I always wore a jacket over clothes, and didn't like wearing anything but colors that could hide the sweat, which was there even in the middle of winter. I put this on after showering, and don't have to reapply until my next shower, even if that is two days later. I thought maybe I grew out of the problem, but have tried over the years not using it, and a couple of times have forgotten it when I traveled, and I definitely still sweat like crazy. No other deodorant works even a little for me. This is THE ONLY one I can use with success. And it smells awesome! People sometimes ask me what perfume I'm wearing, and I tell them it's my D.O., haha. I don't like the other scents this deodorant has, and have a special aversion to the 'powder' scent (gag).Definitely one of my best and trusted tried and true, Go-Tod. Easy application, lasts longer than competitors, nice scent, and great odour protection!This has been my favorite deodorant for years, but now that we’ve moved from the desert to a warm humid climate this is a life saver. I’ve tried switching to the more natural (aluminum free) deodorants that everyone raves about, but I end up smelling and with soaked T-shirt’s. Secret clinical strength never fails me, and I love the fresh light scent that doesn’t overpower. I can wear this deodorant on a day I’m nauseous no issues, and if I’m wearing perfume it doesn’t clash like some stronger smelling brands of deodorant have in the past.Can go up to 2 days without sweating ..I've tried natural deoderants and aluminum free but I hate the feeling of wet pits..keeps me super dry and the smell is so fresh ..my favorite..definitely worth the costI love this deodorant. The smell is delicate and pleasant. It works well. I had to wait 4 weeks to get it but it was worth the wait.I dislike the overpowering fragrance of most depressant but I appreciate a light scent versus unscented. This is the perfect balance and it does and excellent jobIt's a very good product and does what it says so long as you follow directions. I used this in preparation for a summer wedding and I'm so glad I did. Just remember you have to start using well before the date of your event in order for it to be fully effective though I have used it on shorter notice occasionally and it still seems to work fine. Amazon occasionally has a coupon that can make this really cheap so clip it and just add one of these to your prime or free shipping order since it's an add-on item and will only cost a few bucks. It's worth it to have one on hand when you need it.i'm somewhat disappointed with the scent. To me, it really doesn't smell like lavender. Now I wish I'd gotten (if they have it) the "clean" scent in the clear gel. The scent It isn't bad, I just wanted something "pretty" like my last one (which was called "Paris"). But, I didn't see that one. As for the antiperspirant part, it's decent but could be better.Have used this for years bit was buying in Amazon. This sounded like a good scent. I needed some and like it. It is not a heavy scentGentle fragrance and works all day well.Useful and easy.Wasn't sure of the directions at first, of it was two clicks for each arm or one for each. The feeling of the deodorant is a little strange at first, but it does feel dry when it goes on, almost too dry.

I reapplied about half a click to both arms in the morning because I didn't trust it to last throughout the next day as well and I was right. I was sweating all day and smelled by the end of the day. Now this could be because I didn't use it right, I'm not sure. These deodorants always speak to the sweating, but not the odor which is my main concern.

I will increase two two clicks each arm day and night. This means I will be out of deodorant by next week probably with tiny amount that's in there, but it's worth a try.I am trying out new deodorants because my old, reliable deodorant, Arrid XX Dry changed its formula. I tried Secret because it's the best seller on Amazon. So far this product is just okay. Good points:
- The lavender scent is mild and pleasant, not overpowering.
- It seems to keep me smelling fresh.

I'm not giving it a higher rating because:
- The gel is extremely stickyThis is the best deodorant i’ve been using it for years. Love the smell and it really controls perspiration. Wouldn’t change it!Arrived exactly as advertisedLove this stuff but the one time I buy it online and the container itself is broken. Won't roll up or down and the piece of plastic in the middle is poking out at the top. Ugh...smhI’ve been trying out various natural tampons, and so far this is the one that works the best for me. Absorbency seems the same for all the tampons I’ve tried, regardless of brand (and I typically use regulars through super pluses depending on the flow), but something about other tampons, even the natural ones, causes irritation (I have very sensitive skin and a lot of allergies), but not these. I also prefer the ones without an applicator (because you can carry them around much more discreetly, not to mention reducing all that excess waste).Easy and effectiveI believe that things have come a long way with regards to feminine hygiene products and now you can purchase certified organic feminine products and why would you use anything else? If you eat organic foods, but then you are ok will using products inI believe that things have come a long way with regards to feminine hygiene products and now you can purchase certified organic feminine products and why would you use anything else? If you eat organic foods, but then you are ok will using products inGreat product!I keep accidentally buying these instead of the ones by the same company that do not have applicators. These are the shape of old school tampex tampons where as the non applicator ones are shaped like OB’s . These do the job and are high quality but the ones without the applicators are more discrete (for sex, etc.) and comfortable.I was a little disturbed that they didn’t come with an applicator. You have to stick it up there if you catch my drift.. gets messy but I didn’t cramp as bad with these as I would with non organic.I used OB tampons for years in an attempt to reduce the amount of waste produced by my tampon habit. After you get used to the lack of an applicator, it's really no big deal. Then, after considering the health implications of putting synthetic materials and chemically treated cotton into my body, I made the switch to organic tampons about 10 years ago. Not only would I rather have organic cotton in by body than synthetics for obvious reasons of preferring natural materials, but I've also read that they pose less risk of Toxic Shock Syndrome. I've tried a number of brands, but have found NatraCare to be my favorite for their ease of use, price, and ready availability on Amazon.

One of my favorite things about these is that they are constructed well. As they absorb fluid, they unfold in a flower sort of shape that catches everything very efficiently. I can count on them to work, no matter what I'm doing. The tiny little individually wrapped tampons are also super discreet, and can fit into any little pocket without causing a scene. I've been using these for nearly 3 years, and will continue to buy!These are my favorite. They have such thick nice cotton that you can adjustI thought they would come with applicators but its just the cotton tampon. I ordered regular and was sent super. They do not have a return policy so I threw them out. For me they were very hard to use and I was disappointed about being sent the wrong size. These may be good for those who do not want to use the applicator but I wanted an applicator!We bought these for my SIt gets the job done lol & it's organic cotton with no applicator
My favoriteSo I have been using this product for almost a year and have loved it! Until this past cycle..
Granted that it was a much lighter cycle than normal. When I went to change it, i was taking it out when I noticed that the tampon pulled apart a little. It didn't rip in half but part of the cotton tampon did stay inside.. I was able to get it all out and nothing bad happened.
Regardless, I am a little more wary of it now using anything over the "normal".
I will still use the product. It's one of the better organic tampons that I have used!It's really important for me to use an organic tampon even more so than an organic maxi pad because it's such an intimate product. I knew a girl in high school (the '80's) who got TSS. I started using organic tampons about 5 years ago. I was lucky all those years using mainstream brands. Please Google "TSS Woman Loses Leg" and you will understand why I insist on using an organic tampon. These Natracare tampons are much like O.B.'s but they are made with organic cotton. In terms of price, they are not much different in cost than O.B.'s and most other mainstream brands. If you care about using this kind of product, Natracare is a good choice. I know some women prefer to use tampons with an applicator. I've never tried the Natracare brand but they do make those too.Product itself seems fine, but it made me really uncomfortable that all three boxes came already opened and then secured with packing tape from some third party. To be honest it made me wonder if this was an authentic item or if it was someone trying to replicate. Would be curious if others had this experience?Not what I expected. I'm ok with the non applicator but it's hard to get the wrapper off, the cotton can come loose when trying to grab the string and the string is so flimsy, I worried I might not be able to get it out at some point.easy to put in and feels good; notice that my period cycles are shorter and lighter when using 100% cotton period productsThese do not have the push insert they are just plain. I prefer the ones with the paper inserts. Have used this brand for years and like them bc of no bleach etc in them. I just ordered the wrong box.The wrappers are hard to open, and the cotton falls apart by the string as you attempt to untangle the string from the bottom to be able to insert it. The absorbency does not compare to other brands in the same category. I will not purchase again.These work really good. Obviously, the no applicator is a bit messy at times, but the other organic cardboard applicators are so tricky to get right all the time. This product eliminates that issue. They are still organic cotton, which is my main requirement. They are comfy, don't leak, inconspicuous, and I would buy them again (if they're prime).Nice size bottle for Cost plus it's mint flavor which you can't hardly find here where I amIt worksI tend to get heart burn when I go to bed and chewing a Pepcid stops it immediately.I use this product for heartburn associated with acid reflux. Even though a little pricey it works quickly and I prefer the mint flavor.This helps with stomach acid and acid reflux.All is good .I have a history of stomach ulcer that I have managed by drinking raw apple cider vinegar and kombucha. When I am going through a high stress time when I don't have control of my diet, these chewable tablets are life savers. I only need to take one and find no need to pop them like candy. If you have to take meds, this is a mild solution that won't leave a bad taste in your mouth. I buy it from Amazon because Costco, CVS, Walgreens are constantly out of this flavor.Most effective product I have used.Best way I know of to stop acid reflux for a whole day. Pleasant flavor too. Quite expensive though.I get reflux in middle of the night. I keep a bottle by the bed and chew on one and in a minute I feel relief. Great product!!Used to calm acid refluxThis is a product we order monthly and use for acid reflux. It works well and was recommended by our doctor.Excellent taste, stops burning sensation immediately.Half the time I can’t find in local stores so subscription works great for mePepcid Complete works really well for calming upset stomachs. The minty taste is great, but it is not too overpowering. These are a great value as well-I highly recommend them!Works faster and lasts longer than other antacidsWe have some stomach issues and doctors prescribed us Famotidine, this was the best choice for OTC. Great taste.This is usually the best price for Pepcid. Works for chest and stomach acid!this product works better than any other acid reducer that i have found. I bit pricey but I will take quality over quantity all day long.These could last long past three months if you don’t have the money for new heads. I still change them. They’re great for deep cleaning. Okay value for money; I find them a bit expensive.This is a great bush for the money with interchangeable brush heads. I prefer the sensitive one. Nice blue color. The reason I gave it a 4 star is that it becomes slippery when using - the one I had before had a rubberized area where you would hold it to brush teeth.With gum problems this is ideal.Great product and priceI purchased these brush heads because my dentist recommended SOFT bristles, so as not to abrade the enamel, and these are highly effective. The next firmer version is Pro Gum, which I haven't tried, while the firmest is CrossAction. (Oral-B: Why do we need three head options?) These Sensitive Gum Care work just fine.Cleaning my teeth!A+++ seller! Quick to ship! Thanks!Gets the job done!!!I personally feel like OralB charges too much for their replacement heads. Price aside, these are soft. You do not have to press down hard to be effective. Overall they are much better quality than the generic alternative.Does a nice job cleaning my teeth well. One head lasts about 3-4 months.These brushes have made such a difference in my oral health. Makes me WANT to brush knowing I won't hurt my gums.Price is too high. Brush does a good jobI did not know there are at least 5 varieties of oral-b brush heads. My prior attempt hurt my mouth to the point of unusable. These are great. Perhaps they don't clean quite as thoroughly (and I don't know that), but a toothbrush you can use is always better than one you cant.Good quality brush for sensitive teeth. RecommendedAmazon is the only place I can find these replacement toothbrush heads. My dentist asks me to use the softest toothbrush and this is it!My child wanted an electric toothbrush like Mommy and DAddy, so I bought the same kind we had and use this sensitive head on it. It's a good size for a child's mouth and keeps their teeth clean, so we will keep using this. I've used Oral B for years and it's been a solid brand toothbrush and replacement head product. Will continue to buy.I made a huge mistake of trying to save a few bucks by buying an offbrand toothbrush end that was compatible with my Oral-B electric toothbrush and ended up getting gum damage before I could even finish the pack. I discovered these and ordered them right away. In a month and a half’s time, my gum gum damage has healed. I was concerned that my teeth would not feel clean using these, but that has not been the case. My teeth feel just as clean, but I no longer have to worry about my gums.

I will never buy any other toothbrush end again! Thank you Oral-B!!!Arrived in a timely manner. Makes it possible to maintain my teeth and replace these heads whenever I need to.These are wonderful and hard to find, I couldn't find them in stores near me.I bought a knock-off brand of brush heads and the bristles were far too stiff for my gums. Really uncomfortable. These feel great and do a wonderful job. My hygienist was very pleased at my most recent visit.This is what I use for my business since day one.
It's absorbent and great for clean up.
Can't beat the price with it's quality.Great for my small business So much cheaper than those rulesI recently started using these types of towels in my kitchen as a replacement for my paper towel rolls, figuring might be a better value so we can use paper towels to dry our hands instead of hand towels, thereby reducing cross contamination of germs and maintaining a little more clean environment in the house. I tried these hoping they would be an economical version - while they are less expensive, I find that because they are thin and hard and not so absorbant, that I am using 3x the number of towels as normal. I really did not like these towels and felt I would rather pay a little more and get a better quality towel... Sorry, but that's how I feel in regards to using these BASIC towels for home use as a replacement for paper towels. BUT that being said....... if these are to be used for the workshop to clean stuff, or somewhere else like a shop bathroom, they may be a perfect and economical towel. So to summarize....... in my opinion, if you want these as a replacement for paper towelsGREAT PRICE & Great valueCheap, much thinner, much less value. Poor quality. The only good thing was the fit in the holder better.I like this product. It's just what they said in the write up. When we pull out of the dispenser, they pull out linked like they should. I"ll buy again.These papers towels are terrible! I always buy white three ply paper towels and these are the worst! Unless I got a defective batch!I ordered this case of paper towels around mid-March 2020 when paper towel rolls started to disappear online and at brick & mortar stores. Realizing that I was running out of options fast, I turned to shopping for these bulk paper towels as a still reasonably priced alternative.

I was expecting 2 ply paper towels but soon realized that they were only 1 ply when I inspected the product upon delivery. Nevertheless, this product served its purpose as replacements for paper towels rolls and disposable table napkins.

It's now close to the end of June 2020 and we still have a lot of these paper towels left. I packed the bundles separately in plastic wrap to protect them from moisture, contamination & pests. This also made it easier to store the paper towel bundles in our kitchen cabinets, instead of leaving them inside the box that they were shipped in.These remind me of the paper hand towels you find in common bathroom at a small office. Great if you go through a lot of hand towels. Absorbancy - well they suck water up fast but are super thin when they do. Idea for drying hands not wiping up spills or using as napkins outdoor in the summer bbq time.I bought these because all the stores are out of paper towels. These are like the old fashioned ones you used to get out of paper towel dispensers except they are white. They are single-ply so not too thick, and not as absorbent as Bounty, but they do the trick.

I was able to clean all surfaces in my home and did the windows, too. You get 16 packets of paper towels so these will last a long time. Each piece is 9 inches x 9 inches, so a bit smaller than my regular paper towels, but they work fine.

My order came in 5 days during the midst of the shortages. Would highly recommend.I ordered this for my clinicThey are soft, absorbent and a value for the money.I normally use Viva or Brawny but during these times found it not economical. The paper towels are very useful and sturdy. Its your normal commercial type paper towel. It is not Super absorbent, however it will absorb small amounts at a time. I use it in the bathroom in lieu of hand towels and I use it in the kitchen.

It has proved to be very economical. Use it to clean counters or pick up messes on the floor. It doesn't tear apart.
Overall great product.These are great if you are looking for a large bulk of paper towel-napkins. Each lot is wrapped in brown paper until you want to use them. They aren't the best absorbers, as they are thin and papery. Yet, for a quick hand dry or such, they do the trick.Not as soft as I would like but during the times of Covid and the lack of paper products, I ordered these. They’re a good value and couldn’t go wrong with trying them. Plus it came right to my door! Thanks Amazon!These are, I am quite sure, made from recycled paper. There is nothing wrong with that. I use regular paper towels very often, for various cleanup tasks. These multi fold paper towels are used for drying my hand# for whatever reason, and for quick cleanups of certain liquids. They are perfect for that. I find myself now using them for more things. Sure use a lot less, off the more expensive , paper towels this way.I have these sitting in my bathroom, my kitchen and anywhere there is a sink to wash hands or dry up spills. During the pandemic these are essential to me! I have spread the word more people need to be using these at home not just at the office. They are reasonably priced and a quality product.Bought these because no store had paper towels and we just got two puppies that were having accidents. These paper towels are industrial style paper towels that you see at work or businesses. They don’t really absorb much and are not the softest but I knew this before I bought them. If you are buying them for your business or just to dry hands like you’re supposed to, then they are perfect but if you need them to wipe things up, I would look elsewhere.put the towels in a plastic container that has a tight lid. Use 70 percent alcohol, a few drops of dish soap, and enough water to cover the towels. Ratio I use is 3 parts alcohol to 1 part water.These are fine to clean up a spill, but I prefer a towel that is more absorbent and has a less papery feel. I would say these are slightly better than the brown paper hand towels you would find in a gas station rest room.We've used it for years. Just the aroma does it for me. It has gone up in price but well worth it.I love the scent and feel of this oil. I have bought multiple times.Have used for several years and like the product.For a long time, Kama Sutra personal products have been a benchmark in the market. I am almost always satisfied with their quality and value. However, for some reason this massage oil fell a little flat. True, it's got a lovely scent and is silky smooth, but it didn't seem to absorb like some other oils I've tried lately, just sat on the skin. Nevertheless it will find a use, but isn't my first choice for theraputic massage oil.Good massage oil. I like the scent quite a bit - very floral and pretty strong, so keep that in mind if you like subtle scents, but I enjoy it. Rubs in nicely, good consistency, keeps the skin well-lubricated for continued massaging. I use a lot of massage oil though, so your mileage may vary as far as it's "staying power," but I enjoy using it. My wife seems to like it too, which is kind of the point. I'd definitely buy it again.

Recommendation to you guys out there - buy this massage oil and this book: http:Massage oil arrived as expected. Good, sanitary packaging made us confident in the quality of the product. Texture is great. It is oil based obviously so I'd recommend putting down a towel or other protective cover before applying so as not to ruin blanketsSame as aboveThe chair cover was better than I expected!!!I love this oil and I have been buying it for years. The scent is very nice and mild. It is not overpowering. I use it on my legs to moisturize especially when I wear shorts. It's good for dry skin. It's nice to use for a back rub too!The sweet almond SCENT and FEEL is luxurious ! Glides on so smooth and has a light sweet almond essence. Been using it for years. Cannot live without it!This is a perfect massage oil. Soft calming scent that leaves skin feeling great. Highly recommend this product. This one is worth a perfect 10 in my scorebook.Nice easy scent. Great for massage.It's lubricant, and works as it should. However, I didn't think it was as enticing as advertised. I think it was used once or twice before we pretty much lostLove this product. A little goes a long way.Great feeling massage oil and i totally love the smell.The wife loves it... that's all that matters. Perfect for a massage!Best smelling oil ever!We've used it for years. Just the aroma does it for me. It has gone up in price but well worth it.I love the scent and feel of this oil. I have bought multiple times.Have used for several years and like the product.For a long time, Kama Sutra personal products have been a benchmark in the market. I am almost always satisfied with their quality and value. However, for some reason this massage oil fell a little flat. True, it's got a lovely scent and is silky smooth, but it didn't seem to absorb like some other oils I've tried lately, just sat on the skin. Nevertheless it will find a use, but isn't my first choice for theraputic massage oil.Good massage oil. I like the scent quite a bit - very floral and pretty strong, so keep that in mind if you like subtle scents, but I enjoy it. Rubs in nicely, good consistency, keeps the skin well-lubricated for continued massaging. I use a lot of massage oil though, so your mileage may vary as far as it's "staying power," but I enjoy using it. My wife seems to like it too, which is kind of the point. I'd definitely buy it again.

Recommendation to you guys out there - buy this massage oil and this book: http:Massage oil arrived as expected. Good, sanitary packaging made us confident in the quality of the product. Texture is great. It is oil based obviously so I'd recommend putting down a towel or other protective cover before applying so as not to ruin blanketsSame as aboveThe chair cover was better than I expected!!!I love this oil and I have been buying it for years. The scent is very nice and mild. It is not overpowering. I use it on my legs to moisturize especially when I wear shorts. It's good for dry skin. It's nice to use for a back rub too!The sweet almond SCENT and FEEL is luxurious ! Glides on so smooth and has a light sweet almond essence. Been using it for years. Cannot live without it!This is a perfect massage oil. Soft calming scent that leaves skin feeling great. Highly recommend this product. This one is worth a perfect 10 in my scorebook.Nice easy scent. Great for massage.It's lubricant, and works as it should. However, I didn't think it was as enticing as advertised. I think it was used once or twice before we pretty much lostLove this product. A little goes a long way.Great feeling massage oil and i totally love the smell.The wife loves it... that's all that matters. Perfect for a massage!Best smelling oil ever!I really like this gel! My face is partly oily and partly dry. This balances the look and feel of my skin very well and in a lasting way. If I use it in the shower in the morning, my skin still feels good late into the evening. I had little subsurface white bumps under my eyes and this gel has eliminated them over time. I am in my seventies and anyone I meet who has a reason to know my age is surprised I am not in my fifties! Part of that is genetics, but a good share of that is the condition of my skin. Even my dermatologist is impressed!I like the ingredients. They are better than a lot of supposedly "natural" face washes out there. I love the way the gel feels as you rub it on your wet face. It doesn't lather WHICH IS GOOD, people! It doesn't have to lather to work well! It feels very hydrating as you wash, and the smell is predominently a fresh aloe vera smell for those who have had a real aloe vera plant and used it (aside from the very light citrus undertones which dissipate quickly and are not strong because they aren't synthetic perfumes) . It does feel a little drying once your face is dry but definitely clean, and nothing a little serum or moisterizer corrects. I am 30, have never had an issue wih breakouts mainly because I let my face rest: I don't wash it every day, I don't put a ton of products on it every day. I go bare-faced as much as possible and let my pores stay unsuffocated. As a result, my face stays clear and wrinkle free so far. I use this cleanser maybe twice a week, no more, and only to cut the grime and any sweat that settles on my face after general living. But for me, this cleanser fits the bill and feels wonderful.I really like this organic face cleanser. It smells wonderful and my face feels cleaner and softer afterwards. My only complaint is that it comes in a plastic bottle and I don't know where I could refill it.I have been using this product for years but have been having difficulty finding it. I am so glad that Amazon carries it, and I got on the replenishment program, now a new bottle shows up right as I am running out of one. Thank you for taking the hassle of having to run around to different stores out of my face care routine. I have tried many face washes, some don't leave your face feeling fresh, or they leave a sticky film. This wash is perfect. I can't tell if it is brightening my face, I just like how it leaves my skin feeling, clean.This stuff is great for my oily skin but doesn’t seem over drying where my face is completely dried up with alcohol or something. It’s a slippery gel type of consistency and it melts off my foundation. It smells like straight-up, real, fresh orange peels. I’ll lather and leave it on my face in the shower after my pores have opened up a bit and it will start tingling and slightly stinging but not in a bad way .. as if I can feel it settling into my pores to deep clean. I’ll rinse with cooler water and my face looks brighter and a bit smoother too as if it eats a little bit of dead skin off of your face. I have very oily acne prone skin.I like this cleanser - it does a good job of cleaning without stripping my face dry. My skin can be sensitive, but i have never had a reaction to this. The gel consistency keeps it on my silicone scrubby pads without falling off into the shower , and it foams up just enough - dense but not extravagant and hard to rinse off.I’ve been using this product for about 3 years now. The store I used to buy it from stopped carrying it, so I decided to start buying online. I love this for my combination oily skin. I can see the difference after using it and how my skin looks brighter after use. And it doesn’t feel either oily or dry after use. Skin just feels clean. I have significantly less breakouts now. And, I’m convinced the vitamin c is keeping my skin looking young as people always seem to think I look about 10 years younger than I am. This is especially important to me, because I haven’t always had nice skin. I recommend this to others. I tried the cream based one in the same colored bottle, but didn’t care for it as I felt it left a greasy residue on my skin. Make sure to get this gel and not the cream.I really like this product. I have used it for over a year. I can't say anything about the price it used to be a year ago, but look around the interwebs.Out of nowhere my face has become sensitive to everything and seems like all products lead to breakouts. I kept trying so many different cleansers that I finally decided to try soaps I previously used when I was younger with acne. This is a pretty reliable soap for me. Prevents pimples and feels like I get a good clean. It's a tiny drying though, but I have found that's pretty typical with vitamin c cleansers or cleansers that prevent pimples. So I would rather have to moisturize than have pimples. The scent is nice. It's sweet smelling almost like a sweet cereal like fruit loops.I Love This Product and it is a powerhouse product. I purchased this product because I had a breakout on my face and my daughter gave it to me to continue my face healing from the breakout that I had. This product has works beautifully for me and I will continually using it and I have continually seen results on my skin. I am ecstatic with this product and what it has done for me and the smell is very pleasant and citrus. 2 Thumbs UpHave not been able to find this anywhere lately for a decent price let alone the toner . These are the only products i can use on my sensitive skin . Please make more amd lower the price !I have oily acne-prone skin even though I’m over 70. I’ve tried many face cleansing products and they were too perfume-y or left something on my skin. This cleanser is perfect. However when I bought it in March 2021 it was $9 for an 8oz bottle but now, July 2021, it’s over $27 for the same size. So it tripled in price! Unfortunately I had to switch products. If you can afford the current price then buy it because it’s a good product. I would have given it an overall five star rating except for the price.This, and the toner of the same product line, are probably the best facial products I have ever bought. I saw immediate results in lightened pigmentation (freckles, sun spots, left over pregnancy mask). My skin loves these products. The first time I used the toner, it felt and looked like it was burning my skin a bit so I took a wet washcloth and washed it off. However once the redness went away, my skin looked amazing! I realized that the toner is just really strong, so after that, I diluted it with water and saw less irritation, but still great results. The cleansing gel is much milder but still effective (I backed off the toner after the first time and was just using the gel alone for a few weeks). Since I now know that my skin handles the gel well, I typically scrub it into my face at the start of my shower and leave it there until I am ready for a final rinse. I follow up with the toner when I feel I need it. I have been getting so many compliments lately about how great my skin looks. I am hooked and especially love that it's mostly natural!I’ve been using this face wash for years. I love that it cleans my face at night without over-drying it, and I love the scent. I am really scent-sensitive, but the fresh orange smell of this is lovely. It removes most of my makeup, will leave behind just a tiny bit of eyeliner under my eyes that I can then wipe away with a tissue after I dry. I follow this cleanser with a Retinol serum and the Avalon Organics Intense Defense moisturizer. In the mornings I use the Avalon Organics Cleansing Milk.Love the product but when it came it was leaking out everywhere. Once I got it cleaned up and used it I enjoyed the invigorating citrus feel on my skin. Wish I got to have a full bottle!My face has the classic "combination skin" - oily in some places, dry in others. Moreover, it's facial skin on the body of a 50-something lady.

I hate paying top dollar for small quantities of face care products. I also need products that require the least amount of my effort or time.

I looked long and hard for a good facial cleanser that is reasonably priced. I navigated quite a few bad products along the way, several of which were not cheap. Very few facial cleansers left my face feeling "Clean but not stripped".

This product does this for me - my face feels clean, refreshed but not stripped or dry after. I pair this cleanser with a very light moisturizer and this combination works really well for me. One of these bottles lasts me quite a long time.

If I had a complaint, it would be that the bottle doesn't travel as well as I'd prefer. It's one of those that you have to turn the nozzle, pumping out the current contents of the pump, in order to lock it. And if you mess-up the first time, you get to pump out yet another squirt while you try to lock it (before packing it in your suitcase). This is the only reason I give this product 4 stars instead of 5.The scent, the texture, the way my face feels (moisturizes, not drying), the price - it all comes together in this product. It works!With my combination skin (some parts oily and some parts dry), I prefer a gel cleasner. I was originally introduced to Aveda's gel cleanser which is what got me started on that type. Recently I was using one from a company called Lemongrass Spa, but with it being a direct sales company it was a little pricier that I wanted. And no free shipping...and let's be honest, with Amazon Prime who wants to pay shipping anymore??? So I did a search and found this gel cleaner and decided to give it a try. So far it's working out well. I like this brand anyway, so I am happy to add more of their products to my lineup.After much research and considering price and ingredients I decided to order this for my severe perioral dermatitis. I am so happy with this that even though my skin has cleared up, I will continue purchasing this cleanser because it is that good! It never leaves my skin feeling irritated or stripped. The smell is nice and fresh and yes, it does a good job of removing makeup. This cleanser does foam (not like crazy) but it does foam enough to where you feel like “yes I’m clean!”. Highly recommendMy face doesn't get nearly as red with this face wash as it does with others. It doesn't dry out my skin, and definitely helps brighten it up some. I've been using it for weeks now and I think I'll stick to this one. My skin loves it. I'm naturally prone to acne (hormonal and excess oils), have a good amount of redness at any given time & have somewhat sensitive skin. This feels so refreshing, like my skin can breathe finally without stripping off my whole dermal layer. Like I said, my face gets a bit red with this one but then totally balanced out after a minute. It's not totally moisturizing but it doesn't dry me out either.I gained 15-20 pounds in a month. No signs of slowing down. I am male, 5’10” and have floated around 160-165 pounds for years because of a fast metabolism and an inconsistent appetite.

That weight gain came after using about one bag of protein powder + regular meals. I use one serving (2 scoops) per day (with a few missed days bc…life), but I use very scant scoops (helps it lasts longer). I *highly* recommend using a blender to mix this thoroughly. I use my simple Nutri Ninja Pro. When you’re done blending, pour the shake in a cup and clean the blender immediately every time to make your life easier tomorrow. It’s much tastier blended with ice (about 1*THIS REVIEW IS FOR THOSE OF YOU WHO ARE LOOKING TO SEE IF YOU CAN DRINK THIS AND GET RESULTS WITHOUT WORKING OUT...... READ AND LEARN FROM MY EXPERIENCE!!*

I was always at the 150-160lbs range my entire life and looked skinny even though my heightRather than using this product for weight gain, it's been helping me with weight management. I'm typically too busy at work to eat properly, so I had been cramming all of my calories in at the end of the day which was causing my metabolism to yo-yo. I was eating so few calories during the day my body was freaking out and hoarding all the fat and going into starvation mode. I now have one to one and a half servings of this product during the day and it has completely stabilized my metabolism and weight. I have tried MANY other products for this purpose from expensive meal replacement shakes (Huel and Quest) to protein powders of all kinds and they have all tasted nasty, caused upset stomachs and diarrhea, or both. I am happy to say this product has never upset my stomach or caused digestive problems, and it tastes so good (chocolate peanut butter flavor) that I look forward to drinking it each day. I only use cold water to mix it since I don't have to mask the taste, but it is more shake-like if you blend it with milk and ice. Great product!this product has helped me tremendously. I have an insanely fast metabolism so gaining weight has always been difficult for me. in about a month or two I gained close to ten pounds. starting at 115. two scoops is one serving size but I fully recommend using one scoop (half a serving). half servings are like regular shakes and are much easier to drink then the intended full two scoop serving. a full serving of any mass gainer is extremely thick and almost like sludge. the flavor on this powder is good and only tastes chalky if you don’t properly blend. I also add alot of ingredients like almond milk, fruits, steel cut oats, peanut butter concentrate and sometimes bananas. highly recommend this one because it’s the most bang for your buck. only downside are the flavor options.This works great, I'm 6'1" was always 150 - 170 since high school and I'm 35 now. The last 2 years I finally made it to 200 and 215 at one point. I have a fast metabolism and I only use it to maintain my weight now, originally used it twice a day, once in the morning, and before bed I used two Cups of milk 2 servings of peanut butter and just one big heaping scoop. You will gain weight doing that, even if you're just having one large actual meal a day, but now I just make a shake in the morning, However I just found out from my girlfriend that they sell one of these for $24 at Walmart so don't buy it on here it has gone up a few dollars every couple months for the last 2 years this used to be $30 on Amazon, don't get suckered in with their inflation prices this is price gouging like when people were selling rolls of toilet paper for $20 a roll during the plandemic.I've used this product for around 2 years now. First year I had Invisalign and used this as a big breakfast meal replacement to skip lunch. Second year used this for calories and building muscle.

At the beginning I had some negative side affects as others have mentioned, but my body soon got used to it after daily intake. I only recently saw the comments about Maltodextrin, which explains a lot. I will finish the last of my bag, but I will not be buying anymore of this.

This can help gain weight, but the main factor in changing your body is actually excercising. Eat healthy instead of this, your body will thank you.

Flavor reference:
-Powder: I used 2 scoops (about 15oz). Not heaped as it recommends, but about 4Trying to gain weight, and this certainly helps. Some milk and a scoop of this in my MagicBullit mixer cup - slap on the lid and ready for the ride into work knowing I have something good going on that day.
The flavor is awesome. So glad my daughter found this for me on AmazonI usually run around 180 lbs. I recently had spine surgery. I got down to 146. After about 25 days, I got back up to 177! I also watched healthy and lift weights. But this was a huge help! Highly recommend to anyone looking to add some lbs.Huge bag and huge scoop. It tastes okay in smoothies but not just mixed with water I have to chug it like that. I always brush my teeth right after because it makes them feel weird. It definitely makes you gain weight if you do it the right way.This is my first rodeo with weight gainers. I read the reviews and chose this one. I like the flavor and it mixed well with juice or milk. I don't use a full scoop, it seems like 2 much. I use the first line since I'm just starting with it. My issue is that it gives me bad stomach aches and diarrhea. I know that it's the powder because I wasted some on the floor. My puppy locked it up while I was getting the mop. When I took him out, his poo was really loose, like mine was (sorry). I'm going to keep using it to try to get used to it. If it becomes too much for me, I will discontinue using it and update.Great flavor, 2 scoops per 24FL oz so great size for the price.I don’t have a scale at home but when I’m consistent with this powder I see a difference in the way my clothes fit for sure.Buy in bulk is the way to go good stuffI’ve had other mass gainers but this one will randomly force me to throw up and give me hot sweats right before getting sick. Not pleasant. But definitely gave results for the times i could keep it down and had zero sickness.Great taste. Easy to drink. Add chocolate syrupOptimum Nutrition Serious Mass Protein Powder offers 50 grams of protein & 1,250 calories per serving- which is substantial. As you’ll see from my pictures it also carries a ton of vitamins & minerals one should have on a daily basis. The ingredient quality is wonderful. Now these pictures are not shown on the Amazon description page for this product. What also isn’t shown is the fact this 6 pound jug I purchased for my teenage Son comes with ONLY 8 SERVINGS PER CONTAINER. 2 heaping scoops blended with 24 ounces of fluid to your liking gets what shows in my blender. It’s a drinkable amount with no problem. The chocolate flavor he likes. I’ve found it’s best to mix with milk as water tasted too bland. My issue is I felt I was misled in purchasing this 6 pound tub & not realizing there would be only 8 servings I’d get out of it. Since no pictures or written description mentions this, the buyer has no idea. The jug is enormous but is literally 1eat a healthy diet with this protein shake but health problem might be a factor if you don't see results or stress or it's just not for you.A product that actually works and my top flavor preferred is strawberry. I gained 7-10 lbs in one week (taken with meals) so if you’re looking to gain some gains this is it.Great for bloatingI had severe gallbladder attacks. I thought I would spend the rest of my life popping Tylenol to handle the pain. After researching the topic I discovered this homeopathic remedy. For me it was a godsend. I dealt with my issues at the root but every now and then I will feel that pressure or pain in my right side and I take a dose. Within seconds the discomfort is gone!Was advised surgery for removal of gall bladder in March 21. Since being on chelodonium I have not had surgery.My wife used these when she had a gallbladder flare up & she actually felt worse after using them.By rights,this product doesn’t specifically indicate that this is used for gallbladder issues,but for nausea with pain on the right side.These are common symptoms of impaired gallbladder function or an actual gallbladder attack.We purchased this based on a review that someone posted regarding it really bringing relief to their gallbladder issue.She tried it for two weeks,& had to stop taking it.Not enough information is provided on this product to make a purchasing decisionTheses are the only thing that helps nighttime reflux. I’d be lost without themAm using this along with Boiron Phosporus 30C for liver congestion due to chronic Lyme. I am noticing subtle changes after about 3 weeks of use. No side effects, no contraindications with any meds & I use homeopathy extensively because it works with your body to help it correct imbalances. Highly recommend!Wonderful customer services & awesome productThere is no detailed data on this product anywhere on the website. I took the pellets for a liver condition but it just tasted like a sugar pill. I don't think the bottle indicates how much of the active ingredient is actually in these pellets. I read somewhere that there is only about 1% of the active ingredient per pellet, but I don't have documented proof on this so please use at your own discretion. I just wish that there is more scientific literature about these products. I purchased this after reading a case report on this and other related products that cured liver disease, but without knowing what the proper dose for these products are, I have become more skeptical about Boiron products in general.

I understand that these products are very popular in France and other European countries, but at this point, I cannot recommend using these products until there is more evidence-based studies on them.Homeopathics work when well chosen. This one helps with keeping the bile flowing. It helps me.I explained in the chat room and with the distributor that these did not phase my indigestion. Instead of sending return label, they sent one more tube. It was like one little container out of 4 I believe. If you purchase a product like this at walgreens, walmart, target etc. they will let you return. It's not like I buy products hoping they won't work. I will be interested to see if this review actually gets posted. I' m not saying bad product. Just saying did not work for me. I am by myself and only way to get things is to order or I would have stopped Amazon long time ago.Easy to use and fits in a pocket to take along.Wonderful homeopathic remedyBought for my homeopathic first aid kit!GoodI have non alcoholic liver disease and feel a lot of pain in my liver when trying to digest fats or proteins, this product helps reduce the pain in quick fashion when taken with my meal.Excellent when my liver gives me digestive problems.Excellent for gallbladder issues and trouble digesting fats or belching after meals.This product works every time I use it and I have ordered this many times and appreciate the quality.Love it!Works well!So much thicker then what came on the trailer. So far I am happy with this. My front storage door seal was to soft and would not stay in and while driving would continue to flop out. Resulting in me having to pull over to repairperfect for what I needed.This product is very thin and no way to bend it for corners so it will keep its shape once bent so it springs back to straight.Exavtly what I was looking for!! This protective coverMy 2003 F150 has two channels on the cab roof that look really bad. Newer models have a black vinyl strip inserted in it. I ordered the 1 inch. I needed the 1.25. Product is good. My measuring is lacking.Fit good, easy to install, used to replace the trim around the door on my r.v..I have a lovely old 1950 Kitchen Table that had long ago had the covering for the screw trim destroyed. While at an RV store my husband saw something like this. So I of course went to Amazon.

This does a great job of covering the screw trim. Husband states it was a bit stiff to install but it does look good. (the chrome was all a mess so he had applied a brown spray paint to the legs). -- my biggest wish would be for more colors.Fits perfectNice to have new moldingI didn't get to use this because I ordered the wrong width. So, I passed it on to a friend who did use it on his RV and is satisfied with the result.Perfect!!!Great product and worked as advertised. Installation was difficult and you need to be sure it's warm so it's pliable to installEasy to installExactly what I needed! 3Kind of difficult to mend. Warm day or in the sun would help application. Careful not to over stretch if it gets to warm.I trimmed my RV with it. The trim looks like new, which it is, cause I just bought it.Very thick and easy to work with as long as it's 65 degrees or warmer and sunny. We replaced the old on our 15 year old RV that had shrunk up and was letting water get behind it and into the inside.Fits the track but kind of thin vs the OEM extrusion. Bright white.great quality repair item.My favorite scent of all the little trees and seems to last the longest in my opinion great item.Strong scent that last about 2 weeksA veryyy nice smell, it lasts for a few daysSmell great, just like new leather, just wish it lasted longer!Scent doesn't last that longWhen is fragrance came out I really fell in love with it it’s a rich smell a refreshing fragrance I must haveThis is the best scent in the little tree series. I bought these for home after our AC had a weird smell and needed cleaning. They were hung in front of the split AC vents and worked wonders.

The best part is you get used to the smell very quickly. It may come off as a strong fragrance for the first couple of hours, and then you will forget about it, with only a pleasant smell lingering behind.We us this product in our vacuum and rv air conditioner . Works greatI use in our vehiclesOrdered some morethey dont seem to hold there fragrance fr very long, but, they smell awesome.Surprisingly I don’t mind the sweet scent of these. It’s not too overwhelming & these seem to last a long time, especially in a hot car during the summer haha. I’d buy these again.I combined it with the strawberry and smell great. Last at least two weeks. A+These smell amazing. But for the sake of humanity, please resist all urges to eat them. They’re not eats.long smell.This filter saved my family.

Have you ever opened your car door (maybe a few days in a row) only to find it smells like some combination of miscellaneous death? Like do you remember in the movie Grumpy Old Men when Jack Lemmon and Walter Matthau his dead fish in each other’s cars?

This was my reality a few weeks ago. Picture the family minivan. Naturally in this situation you start to wonder what the Hell kind of food the kids dropped that rolled under a seat and started to rot. You give the car an extended once over, an amateur’s attempt at detailing including pulling out and scrubbing all the floor mats. It wouldn’t be outrageous for the smell to have been dog poop on someone’s shoe so you scrub the floors just in case.

But still when you turn on the air blowers the smell of pure disgust blasts through the vents and saturates your amazing cleaning job (and your family).

When your hubby checks the air filters, he discovers that the family minivan has been invaded by another family. It’s like a Lifetime movie where there’s someone else living in the attic and terrorizing everyone and making you think you’re crazy.

Only this time that family is a family of mice. And they didn’t make it. And your car’s smell accurately and intensely reflects these events.

Even after removing the second family from the situation, their stench lingered. It takes some time to rid a family minivan of such a smell, but we decided we didn’t need to suffer through the process. And that’s where this car air freshener came in.

Bayside Breeze. Halle-FREAKING-lujah, what an amazing scent. I never would have imagined I’d be in this situation, and that a little scented tree shaped savior wrapped in plastic could bring our traumatized nostrils so much pure joy. You can even slowly freshen over time by pulling a little more tree out of the package—which is a great feature for making the most of one air freshener and increasing its longevity. And that’s what we will do with the second one in the package. But in our case, we went all in and took the glorious tree fully out of the package. You just don’t mess around with the lingering scent of the dead mouse family that snuck under your car and made its home in your air filter. You replace the filter and get yourself some of these.No es el mejor, pero es economicoI love this scent.Last for a good while. Good value for the moneyWe live in our camper full time. We've never had this particular issue with the black tank before but this hose worked great to fix it. The master bedroom is next to the bathroom and it started to smell in the bedroom each time we flushed. Did some research for a solution as the pods just weren't cutting it. (We also have a sewer connector that has a water hose hookup for better cleaning after we empty the black tank that we've been using for quite a while.) I came across this hose attachment and my husband used it and no more smell!! Whether you are living in your RV or just camping, I highly suggest getting this hose attachment for a better cleaned black tank.Our RV black tank had an odor that we just couldn’t seem to get rid of no matter how much chemical that we put in the toilet. After a weekend out with the RV we went to the dump station and emptied both tanks. I then used this tank sprayer and could not believe how much more yuk came out of the tank. There was quite a bit of toilet paper I guess stuck to the sides of the tank and the sensors. Now no more smell. Well worth the money. Highly recommended!We purchased a used camper that was in great shape. Upon our first camping trip with it we noticed every time we flushed the toilet the smell was awful!! Tried everything from treatments to leave in products. Nothing worked. Tried flushing with hose etc. a camper told us to try this. He had same issue. It was build up in tank. Ordered this and used it for about 20 minutes in tank. Open black water valve let it run. Then close it let it run open it again. Do this often. Beware!!! Make sure you have someone outside opening and closing it. The tank will fill up fast and over flow. You need to shut water off to toilet for the cleaning wand is put down in tank. It forces water out at end spinning. Lesson learned. Do not take out of tank without shutting water off on the unit!!! Works great!!!! No more smell.This wand worked great. Have tried the solid wand but my black tank would still show 3We ordered this because I bought the wrong toilet paper and clogged the toilet, oops. It cleared the problem right up and was super easy and not as messy as i thought it would be.

Definitely get yourself a good pair of gloves to go with it!!We'd been having some issues with the level indicators on our 5th-wheel's black tank. We have a 45° elbow not far below the toilet, so there's no "straight shot" between the bathroom and the tank. This little CAMCO device worked like a charm in snaking through the elbow and it cleaned the tank thoroughly without any issues. It was simple to use and built to high standards. We'll continue to use this on a proactive basis a few times a season just to keep things well-cleaned. Recommended!!Had a little issue with our sewer on our last River trip. Luckily our friends had this item and loaned it to me husband. Worked like a charm!Easy to useMy censers were way off.Always read full even after I flushed the tanks so I found this little gadget.I always thought that it flushed everything out of the tanks when I emptied them.I flushed them.Then Filled and flushed again,Thinking I got it all so when I used this and flushed again.I could not believe how much came out.My tanks were squeaky clean.This is one of my better purchases that I do not regret buying because this,Actually works.I highly recommend this ...A++This thing works great, but buy the toilet gaurd that they sell for under 10.00. First try of cleaning I was covered in sewage. I ended up having to use handful of paper towels to block the spray back.Work greatSprayed down the black tank for about 10 minutes and have sensors again. Very impressed!Can be a little awkward to use due to having to drag a hose inside but well worth the effort. Before having the wand the toilet tank would smell aweful until deodorant tabs were put in and started working. After using the wand that problem no longer exists because it sprays everything off the inside walls of the tank so all waste can be completely emptied.This item creates good spinning pressure to wash out your black tank. The only negative that can’t be avoided is having to pull your water hose into the camper. Worked good for me.As advertisedI like that it has a shut off valve on it.Iv'e used this product since 2011, with no problems. no leaks, after first use, the vibration noises did bother me was pretty loud. I modified the entire thing. my pipe goes straight down, I measured from the bottom of the tank to the top of the toilet valve, then from the top of valve to the bottom of the pipe 17". the got a 2" PVC pipe which fit exactly through the opening in toilet so to not disturb the gasket around valve I don't use the shut off valve on the stick, I connected a regular hose nozzle to the stick, just turn it on and use the lock on thing on nozzle, after centering the stick inside the PVC as best I could, I drilled and tapped 1I had a lingering odor after emptying the black tank on my camper. My camper comes with a sprayer bu reallly doesn’t do a very good job. I have been extremely happy with this purchase and would recommend it to everyoneDoes it's job that the poop on it :)ReturnedOur elf on the shelf brought this and kids loved it! Just decorate then put water in and 12 hours later it’s a pretty full tree. Only lasted 2 days (and we didn’t touch it) but it was fun. Glad we bought it.Has lasted over two weeks!! The package said it would last like 3 days!! My kids have loved it! Definitely buying next year.Seriously, this is magical and so neat! Kids loved it! Adults loved it! Will definitely buy one every year for our elf to deliver. Our crystals (tree leaves) grew within hours.So cool! Lasted around a weekMy 4 yr old granddaughter and I assembled our tree in the evening and it was in full bloom by the next morning! So cool!Fun activity for kiddosReally cool! We all enjoyed itThis is a fun and unique activity but people should be aware it is hard to move or transport if needed and it lasts maybe a week. All in all it’s still worth it and fun to watch it grow.This was a fun little experiment that my kids and I really enjoyed! I had been wanting to grow some crystals with the kids, so when I saw this fun Christmas tree, I jumped right on it! It was a fun activity especially over Christmas Break when we were home all day to watch the crystals grow. They really did come on quickly in the 6 hours as promised. Based on previous reviews and knowing the crystals would be delicate, we put on the star and garland at the beginning when we added the liquid. Definitely the way to go! We sprinkled on the sparkles when it was all done. I do agree that I wish a little more explanation was given on how and why the crystals formed, and what kind of crystals they were. Other than that, a lot of fun for my 7, 5, and 2 year old (and and their geeky parents, too!)Crystal growing kits seldom work in my house, but this one was a big hit! Easy to use and great big crystals that lasted a while.Great little gift for nieces! I have my nieces lots of little gifts for Christmas this year. They are 8-10 years old and like things like this. The funny thing was I wrapped everything like 3-4 times, they loved ripping off all the payers of wrapping paper. They got a kick out of seeing another layer underneath. Everyone had a good time watching the girls race to open the presents. I almost feel like that took an extra close look at what each gift was after working so hard to get to it. They were really appreciative and promised me pictures of their "Experiments" with it.The tree is great and you see the crystals grow in just a few hours. However, the service from eParty is terrible. I ordered 3 of the trees and they charged the full shipping for each one; the three trees cost $14.85 and the shipping was [..]! They did not answer either email I sent to them. I will never do business with them again or any other company that does not offer free shipping. I think a lot of companies are discounting thier prices and then really sticking it to you on shipping and handling. Unless it qualifies for Amazon's free shipping, I'm not buying!Took longer to grow than directions say but pretty cool. Don’t touch after it grows though because it’s very brittle.Grows quickly overnight. A fun thing to do with the kids on Christmas Eve. The glitter is pretty, but don't waste your time putting the "garland" string of beads on. The crystal completely covers it and you won't see it anyways, and the tree is too fragile to apply anything other than glitter after it grows. The only problem I had was that my son loved it so much that after a week, when it started to dry out and fall apart and make a mess, and I had to throw it out, my son cried his eyes out to see it go!! By the way, it does say on the package that it is only supposed to last a couple of days, so it far outlasted its life expectancy.Fun and educational...if you know how it works. =)
It did exactly what it said it would. It lasted a couple of days longer than it said it would so that's a plus.
My only complaint is that if you bump it or move it the "tree" falls apart, crumbles everywhere, So maybe if the little dish was a little bigger it wouldn't be so bad. I would put it on a piece of construction paper or something of the like next time.Excellent choice for a magic crystal kit. Quite a bit larger than the other trees (not Christmas themed) we have tried in the past. The package claims it will only last a couple day, but we had ours up about two months. The trick is to put it somewhere that it will not be bumped or shaken. Place it there before you grow it, as the crystals are very fragile and will break easily when moved. It is great fun for children to watch how fast these crystals grow and I highly recommend it for a stocking stuffer.This Christmas tree is so much fun! It really does grow over the course of a single day (though it will be a little bigger the next morning). If you leave it alone it will last for as long as you want to keep it around. The decorations that come with it are incredibly cute (little string of red beads, glitter, and a star). I've given it as a gift to quite a few friends who were otherwise Christmas tree-less at the holidays. It probably isn't great for little kids - it's pretty delicate once the crystals have grown. I think they're non-toxic, though.I sent this as a gift to a friend who wasn't going to have a Christmas, and surely not a tree. I wanted some kind of fun for them so I sent this. She said the instructions said to put the bead decorations on first and then let it grow which proved to be a bit tricky. It grew overnight making the surprise the next morning even more fun. She said it didn't come out just like this picture but close enough to be a tree and she was thrilled with the surprise.I bought one of these when I was in Urban Outfitters. I thought it would be fun to have on my desk at work. It was horrible. It didn't absorb the water all the way and fell apart instantly. Then I found this one on here and figured why not give it another try. Well, the one I ordered was great! I gave one to my niece and nephew to keep in their bedroom and I think its still there right now. Its just something small and cute to have for the holidays. I bought another one for my desk at worked and everyone loved it.We've had other little trees and love watching them grow. Thought I'd try this 6 inch Christmas tree and loved it, too. The decorations were cute. It only took a few hours to start, was complete within 30 hours.
If you've never done one of these before here's a tip - Don't touch or move the branches or the crystals will fall off.They don’t have any applicators included like their other products - tampons are just individually wrapped in plastic instead of recycled paper packaging.I’m a relatively health conscious individual and have been gradually making changes into a healthier lifestyle.
I kind of always knew how awful regular tampons were for you (I mean it’s terrible that us ladies have been sticking bleach and pesticide infested cotton up our lady parts for YEARS. I mean, no wonder so many woman have ovarian cancer!), but was always pushing off making the switch because of the price of these things! I mean, I can get 5 cancer sticks (aka regular tampons) at Cosco for the price of one of these. And that certainly adds up over time! But then again, so does the cost of harming the body with all those chemicals. Urggg.

So I finally decided that well-being was vastly more important than a few extra bucks each month and thus, made the switch these little bullet looking things, which I call 22’s. Check out the pics and tell me it doesn’t look like the bullet for a 22! I got the kind without the applicator, because it’s less waste for the environment and (ok I admit it) mostly because it was cheaper.

I was actually kind of freaking out about the no applicator thing (I mean how gross that I have to …well, I’ll leave out the details). Well, it hasn’t been nearly as bad as I thought it would be. I mean, it took a few times for me to get used to it, but again, definitely not as bad as I thought it would be. Actually, I’ve found that an AWESOME perk about the no applicator is that it’s SO small and compact that it takes up virtually no room. Stick one or 2 in my pocket on a night out and I’m good to go!

Last thing to make note of... Again, it might be TMI but heck, what did you expect to get from a tampon review?! So before I had reformed my ways and was still buying cancer sticks, it would sometimes get itchy up there in lady world and would just feel …hard to describe…itchyOrganic cotton tampons are more expensive than rayon, but they're made with fewer chemicals and the fibers cause less trauma to the vaginal walls so I use them religiously. This one is a great product, easy to use and transport, and since I bought a case I won't need to buy tampons for over a year (FYI, I do the same with the Natracare breathable panty liners -- the only ones that don't leave me with a yeast infection since standard liners with plastic build up moisture).

The case is pretty compact, so storage isn't a problem and I get to enjoy both savings and convenience of not buying tampons monthly. Keep in mind these do not have an applicator, but I prefer this because they're more discreet (I can hide one in the palm of my hand or pants pocket) and also create less waste than the applicator versions.I love these. They are hard to find in stores, and more expensive there to boot.Love these things. Buying by the case, I can keep enough tampons everywhere and not worry about running out every time I get my period. And theyre organic so thats important to me. Maybe they could be more comfortable but they are perfect for me in every other way and periods just arent comfortable in general so the pros outweigh the consI used O.B. before. Then suddenly that brand became unavailable EVERYWHERE. I hate plastic and applicators and all the waste. I hate the tampons that grow longer instead of wide.....Blah

These are comparable to O.B.. I did have a little less cramping...but not much. They are a bit more solid....almost to hard to absorb at first...I found that if I loosened it a bit by sticking my finger in the string end and scrunching it a bit, it made it a bit softer and more absorbent right away.

Have switched to a cup now, but still carry these around for emergencies. Very nice product.I get these in bulk for my lady and it makes me a hero. Not only do I care about her body I also care it's as natural as she is.Item was damaged and received only one pack, not 12. I want my money back!These tampons are really good. It takes a little getting used to not having an applicator, but it's not a big deal.
My mind is at ease knowing the fibers are organically grown and do not contain harmful chemicals.
They can be a bit tricky to open at times, but mostly they are excellent. I also love the fact that buying them in a large quantity means I have plenty on hand and do not have to reorder frequently. Buying the case is definitely worth the investment and saves money.I was looking for an environmentally friendly choice that did not have either a plastic or cardboard applicator. From the reviews as well as the product description, this seemed like a great option. I would have given it a higher rating, however, I find that the outside wrapping, especially when I am in a rush, can be impossible to get off. Once they improve this aspect, I would increase my rating although I will still continue to purchase it. It is comfortable, just as good as the less environmentally friendly products, and a worthwhile choice.I used to be a die-hard OB user or nothing. These tampons changed my mind. They work better and make me feel better using an organic product instead of non-organic that is treated with pesticides. Would recommend!Can't believe it took me this long to find these! Only reason I rated them four instead of five stars is cost. Wish they were more affordable.My nether parts are much happier with these than with o.b., which has in recent years made some changes to their tampons. The past couple years using o.b. tampons, I've been having yeast infections after most periods, and tampon removal near the end of my periods has been painful. Since buying these tampons a few months ago, I'm not having these sorts of symptoms so far. Planning to try their pads now too.No pesticide sprayed cotton! ;) Treat yourself to cancer free coverage.ever since I read about cotton being made from the parts of the cotton plant too high in pesticides and chemicals to be feed to cattle, I use only organic cotton for personal items. These items are easy to use, easy to conceal, discreet and effective. I shared them with several friends who didn't know they weren't conventional and never noticed a difference in performance.Awesome Organic product without toxic chemicalsGreat product, I made the switch in June 2016 and will never go back.I like these tampons for their organic properties, but I just wish they would be easier to open!As tampons, these work fine, but it is incredibly difficult to open these. When I'm having to change these, I don't want to spend 5 minutes trying to get the seal open. I've had to resort to using scissors because the seal is ridiculously difficult. It's actually very frustrating and I can't wait to be done with this pack. This is the sort of thing you want to be able to do in and out super fast, but unfortunately not so. Please, please improve your packaging!!I bought these years ago for my daughters but they wouldn't use them without an applicator. That was a waste. My bad.Super Seed is effective as a fiber supplement. It has helped me with regularity, as I have a neurogenic bowel from a spinal cord injury. It does not taste good. I tried mixing it with water on day 1, and it was a gloopy mass. Now I mix it with applesauce, mix in some water, and eat it quickly before the flax seed thickens it too much. It is not enjoyable to eat, but it does work well.I have been loosing 1 to 2 pounds a week using this product, I just don't eat anything after lunch and drink some of this at night when I'm feeling hungry. It fills me up and takes away any hunger pangs I may have had. Already lost 30 pounds fasting and using this product. It is working for me.This stuff works pretty good! Don't start with a whole scoop! Start with a quarter scoop. Work you're way up. I eat it on buttered Graham crackers. If you put it in liquid it turns to sludge. Oddly it has a slight cinnamon taste to it.I add Super Seeds to my smoothies for the extra fiber and claimed health benefits of the various ingredients, but I have no way to know if I'm healthier because of the Super Seeds, but I think that's true with most supplements.i like the taste of this, its easy to mix and use.I really enjoy this stuff and want to take a minute to share my experiences using this as a fiber supplement in case it's helpful to other people. I go to the gym in the mornings and also take medication that works best on an empty stomach. Working off of an empty stomach after hitting the gym can be difficult, so I have added this to my daily routine each morning. This stuff isn't for everyone, especially not for people who have issues with certain textures. It definitely clumps up a lot if you allow it to do so and there is nothing worse than getting a big clump of this stuff when trying to pound it down.

To avoid clumping I use a 32 ounce Nalgene with a lid and add about two inches of water. Then I take a full scoop of the powder and shake about a third of it into the container. If I see a big clump on the scoop while doing this, I break it up with my finger before pouring it in. After adding a third of the scoop I put the lid on the container and shake it well. Then I add another inch or so of water and half of the remaining scoop and repeat with adding water and shake. Do this one more time to finish the scoop of powder and fill the container to the top and shake vigorously. This is the only way I've found to avoid clumping. Adding one whole scoop at once always results in clumping. The clumps float to the top and can be broken apart with a fork but why deal with that when you can just avoid it all together. Please be aware that this supplement has actual chia seeds and various other seedshope it works.This is a great amount for the price. So a really good deal. There is no flavor so I put it in my oatmeal or smoothie in the mornings. It has worked great for me also. It does what I need it to.I purchased it to go in smoothies and save a fortune compared to what I spend at a well known smoothie shopTook about a week to truly start to work. Keeps me pretty full to where I can either skip a meal and or eat less. I have lost a bit of weight and I’ve only been a few weeks on it. Great taste.Absolutely love the cinnamon taste of it!I blend a couple tablespoons of this with a little milk. It's healthy probiotic goodness with a lot of fiber and a fair amount of protein. I drink it right away after I blend it, otherwise after a few seconds it starts getting super think. Best to follow it with some water to aid digestion.I did not enjoy the flavor of this product. It's a bit fruity and I personally really taste the cinnamon. Just doesn't work for me.This is a good fiber but it's too messy and to dense. I found if i waited too long to drink it the mixture would clumpPleasant taste, but if you're looking for something that completely dissolves in liquid, look elsewhere.I'm trying to listen to my Dr. for a change and I decided to add more fiber to my diet. I wanted to add a supplement and I tried the orange flavored stuff. It was OK, but I wanted something that tasted more natural than like clumpy Tang with artificial sweetener.

I purchased Garden of Life Super Seed based on the ingredients and good reviews and I am very happy with it. Not only am I getting fiber, I'm getting protein, Omega 3 and all the other good stuff it has. I was a little concerned because it had more calories and I'm overweight, but it is actually helping me lose weight by filling me up.

I've also used it as a meal by mixing it with skim milk and eating it with 7-grain toast with marmalade or a couple of scrambled eggs. I love it mixed with milk. It goes down like a bran muffin in a drink. I also sometimes drink a glass with water 15 minutes before dinner and I noticed I'm able to control my portions much better.

Another reviewer said it is clumpy, and it is, especially if you wait. That is because fiber absorbs water so as time goes on it gets a little thick. The orange stuff works the same way, so either way you have to drink it quickly or maybe water it down a little and mix it up again (or just drink the thick remainder). OK, it doesn't taste like chocolate cake, but it isn't supposed to. I think this stuff tastes great, especially with milk.

I find that out of the other high fiber foods I've tried (orange stuff, snack bars) this fills me up the best and I feel like my carb cravings have subsided a little.

Over all, I feel my energy level has increased significantly and I have much less mental fog. This isn't due to this particular product per se, but it made it easier for me to increase fiber and lower simple carbs like white flour products and sweets. In addition to this supplement once or twice a day, which is more like a food than a supplement, I'm eating 1 high fiber snack bar a day and trying to eat veggies (I'm allergic to most fruits) at every meal for about 30g of fiber a day. I still eat my favorite bad food (pizza and Chinese food), but I am eating smaller portions-- and not because I'm forcing myself to eat small portions but because I'm full sooner.

I feel great and I'm happy Super Seed is part of my daily diet.I am NOT a health nut. I am obese and I trying to get my healthI purchased this because it was advertised as being good for diverticulosis. I like the fact that it takes natural food ingredients to add fiber to your diet. I mix it with a little water and it tastes pretty good. It is sweet and fruity. The important thing to remember with this is that it is powerful and you have to know just the right dose for YOU. If you just jump in and start taking it, it will deliver a nightmare from which you won't want to take it again. LOL The instructions should be rewritten to start with a very small amount, like 1 teaspoon or 1This stuff is ok. My biggest complaint is it does not mix well at all.It’s so healthy I just bought it for health reasons and never expected to like it -figured I’d choke it down.
Surprise!
It’s very delicious when I add it to my morning yoghurt!

This brand is top too

I say give it a try… I’m super picky and I really enjoy the flavor !This is a really great device for keeping cool. It's perfect for two people sitting on chaise lounge chairs. That said, there is an issue. The first time I used it, it worked great. Both nozzles put out a nice mist just the right amount. Second time I used it, one of the nozzles would not work at all. I live in an area that has hard water so I'm not that surprised that this happened, especially when you think about how super tiny the orifice is on the mist nozzles. I did find a way to make the nozzle work again. I took a shot glass and put about 1I hung this is a tree and the hummingbirds loved it. Plus it’s a nice mister to enjoy on the patio; although it needs to sit on something tall if you want it to be above you as you sit, otherwise it’s at head level.I finally got to use the outdoor misting system. It only mist on one side the other side sprays out it doesn't mist like the other side does. Not to please with it.
Not sturdy or strong.
Doesn't work well!
It's easy to use just connect to your hose and turn the hose on.
Good Luck if you get both misters to work.In my quest to get a summer tan and not burn up in the process, I purchased this misting system. I'm very pleased with it. I tan on my deck, which tends to get very hot with not much wind. This product arrived in an extremely large box but it was packaged well and arrived undamaged. Setup was very easy and the product performs as it is supposed to. A fine, cool, mist is sprayed from each side of the end and it really does make the area surrounding it cooler. My only complaint is that this thing does not stand up straight. It leans over rather significantly, but it still works!

I would definitely recommend to anyone looking for an easy way to stay cool this summer.One of my friends had one of these and I loved it! She would hook it up while our kids were playing outside on a hot day and she and I would sit comfortably and watch. She would put a box fan behind it when she had parties and everyone on the patio could enjoy a cooling mist. I decided I had to have one, but couldn't find it at any of our local hardware stores. So I came to Amazon, and here it is!

The downside is that you don't get to pick your color. However, they picked perfectly for me and sent me one that matches the shutters on my house, so I can't really complain! It works very well, is easy to set up, and does just want I want. Putting a box fan behind it ensures that it blows on the right direction instead of relying on the wind. For the price, this item can't be beat!A friend of mine was looking for a misting system to leave in her backyard for her outdoor pets during the hot days in Los Angeles. We found this Orbit misting system and figured we would give it a try. It works well and undoubtedly mists the area to keep it cooler. It's a good product for the price. Some of the other misters are very expensive and take some time to install; therefore, if you are looking for a quick, inexpensive mister that works, then I would recommend this product. The only down side is the fact that you cannot pick the color of your choosing, you basically get whatever is sent.Granted, you can't compare this mister to those that are more robust and complicated, but for what it is you can't go wrong. We live in the Sacramento region that has very dry, hot summers. We wanted to get a cheap mister that all we had to do is plug the garden hose into... and the fact that this is a free-standing mister (no installation required) sealed the deal.

Right next to the mister (within about 2-3 feet) it is a wet mist that will leave you feeling a little damp (but cool and comfortable). However, just a little further away you get the cooling without much dampness. The less wind, the better it seems to cool, but a slight breeze doesn't render it useless. It is extremely convenient in that it is reasonably portable.

An unintended benefit of this mister is that the infantIt didn’t come with a washer so water would leak everywhere. We used a washer from an old sprinkler that we had and it worked fine. Great for the garden or to cool off a bit on a hot summer day.We use this mister (there are only two little metal mister nozzles at the top) for keeping the pets cool in the heatwave months. The summers get very hot and dry and our three pets hang around the cool water spray most of the day. The water hose can be turned on with just a little pressure and works all day long to provide a fine mist from the top. The wild birds flock to get drinks of water from the mist that falls on the grass. The mister we received was purple and the base is a bit wobbly so we have to use something to prop it on one end to keep from tipping; but there haven't been any issues yet from it falling over. The wobbling is the only issue keeping this at 4 stars instead of 5.Living in the South, this mister provides relief when working outside in the yard or just sitting outside reading in the summer. Unlike other misters I have tried, this one doesn't leak when you put it on the hose. Some of these products have a tendency to not be able to thread with your hose sufficiently, thus having leaks and wasting precious water. This provides an even light misting to cool you off without getting soaked. The best part is since the pressure on this is so even, once you turn off your hose, it still provides a mist for about 20-30 minutes later.Should keep our patio area a little cooler, but I mostly bought it for the hummingbirds I feed. Hopefully they like it. It was missing the washer, which is the first thing the directions ask you to look for. Not hard to fix, just run to the hardware store and pick up some hose washers, but still annoying. That's why I'm taking off one star. Oh, Just a heads up, it comes in a giant box since this product isn't flexible.Works great and easy to set up. I had a MistyMate 10 which has 6 (plastic) misters you screw into 10' of small tubing, right out of the box half of the misters were broken. Not wanting to deal with buying new misting heads, I decided to give this a try. This thing is awesome ! Easy to set up and it doesn't use a lot of water. The best part is, its so portable to move it around where ever you need it. My wife uses it when she sunbathes and when she is thru with it, I move it over to the dog kennel. We have used it all day, everyday for weeks and only once has one of the "brass" nozzles clogged up but, a small peice of wire cleared it. I also bought some Gilmore Metal Hose Coupling Filter Washers which helps to filter out any larger size debris.I bought this for my daughters birthday party. It was supposed to be over 90 degrees and we had a bounce house so I was afraid the little kids would be over heated. We put this at the end part of the slide so the kids could go through it. Definately was a good idea for us! The kids even fought over it at times and it held up fine (didn't fall apart or anything) . Very light and portable. We put a brick on it to keep it stablized but it wasn't necessary. The kids ended up moving the brick and carrying it all over the place anyways. (or as long as the hose could go) I don't know, long term, the durablity of it since I only used it once so far, but it seems that it would last for a while.This works pretty well although I have only tested it a couple times because it's not quite warm enough to use it regularly yet. I purchased this to place near my chicken's run to help cool them off during the hot summer months. The only negative thing I will say so far is that it is slightly bent which causes it so fall over- which is annoying. I have to lean it against something to keep it upright. I will update this post in July or August when it's used regularly.This is EXACTLY what we needed. We didn't want to pay a ton of money for an overhead sprinkler system and then we saw these. We are in hot hot south texas weather and we have chickens that need to stay cool. I bought two of these and set them about 25 foot apart in the chicken yard. They hooked up nicely, did not leak, good material, and the mist is so thin it did not even get the coop wet that was only 5 foot away. There was an obvious drop in temperature right away. My chickens come out during the day now instead of staying hidden until evening when the temperature goes down. They are enjoying their yard again and I am enjoying my hens again. THANK YOU! Could not believe how inexpensive such an effective product could be!Very surprised by this. It is not going to cover a large space or anything like that but if you are sun bathing or sitting outside this is fantastic. Well worth the money. My toddler thinks it's amusing to put his hand in the mist and get wet. So it is safe around kids. Worst thing they can do is knock it over. It's quite steady by itself due to the designOG Floridian here, and I seriously can not take the summer heat without this. I just bring it around with me as I garden, or right next to my chair when I'm laying out. Perfection!The misting stand is overall a nice item, and it cools off the area, but it continuously falls over and has to be picked up. I have 3 others that are made with bendable material and these don't have a problem, so I think it is just the fact that it is not stable on a surface that is not flat. So if you are purchasing for a flat surface and not a uneven lawn then this would be a great purchase. Also the other thing I noticed different about this one compared to the other Orbit Misting Stands I have is that the misting holes were on the top and the others that I have are on the nose.This summer has been brutally hot on the western shores of Lake Michigan where I slip my sailboat. On a particularly muggy Saturday a few weeks ago I ventured over to a little gathering of my dockmates who happened to have a couple of these set up to cool off the guests. It took me about 5 minutes to log onto Amazon.com and get one of these bad boys on the way! As is often the case, my sailing days since have been spent in the mid-70's so I haven't had a chance to break mine out yet but, given my initial experience with the mister, I'm looking forward to comfortable cocktail hours from here on in! The misting jets are adjustable from a fine vapor up to a pretty good spray. Another one of those million dollar ideas that I wish I had! Fantastic product at a more than reasonable price!I have owned a mister like this before years ago. I have been looking for one like I had before. It is easy to attach to the water hose and mists well. I bought this two fold. The heat where I live has been almost unbearable. I actually bought two. I use it for my plants which does not seem to get enough water. It is also great when outside and I need a little water misting on myself.My favorite scent to buy. I will be a returning customer!Works better than anything else on the market.Was what I was looking for scent and value.I really like this product, but couldn't find it anywhere. Amazon to the rescue!Day 1, hour 3. (Male posting review) I applied the Ban powder fresh right over the aroma that had accumulated yesterday through last night...atop yesterday's used-up Axe antiperspirant. I have yet to catch so much as a WHIFF of myself (which is unheard of under the aforementioned circumstances). That, alone, gives this stuff 4 stars. It is amazingly effective, no doubt!

I bought this based on reviews stating that men wear it. I now question the masculinity of those men. This stuff smells like an elderly woman's underwear drawer, magnified by a factor of 10! (don't ask) The sweet stench of baby powder-like perfume encloses me like a pink shroud of estrogen that once was but can never again be.

I fear that the aroma is causing an imbalance in my personal hormonal stockpiles. Testosterone that I had painstakingly manufactured and stored seems to be evaporating into the retirement home-scented atmosphere around me where it is being chemically converted to empathy and a desire to do arts and crafts, to be inhaled by any unfortunate enough to pass nearby.

Sailing past age 40, I certainly don't have testosterone to waste, but I am going to give this product a solid opportunity to adapt to my presence... After all, it IS masking the horror of my stench - AND THERE IS SOMETHING TO BE SAID FOR THAT! But I fear that I shall soon have to scrub it from my armpits with a mixture of bourbon and barbecue sauce and eat roughly 17 lbs of red meat to reset my system.

Again, this is a HIGHLY effective product. I bet you could sprinkle it in the pit of an outhouse and leave it smelling like a 5-star restaurant (in a nursing home, but you get the point).

So the jury is still out, but... I think I just felt the twitch of an ovary beginning to grow in my abdomen... NOOOOOOOOOOOOO!family likes product i am sure we will get more soonEfectivoIt does the job like nothing else. I have tried many and this is the best!!Works well, I find every other deodorant at the drugstore irritating, but this one is the only one my underarms like. I can't find these in store anymore but I found them on here and they're great.I like how it smells and, it works really well.Still in love with Ban. Very effective in controlling odor & wetness......I would rate it higher than Secret or Degree. It sits well in the underams & leaves less residue than the other 2 brands I mentioned above. The scents are awesome; I prefer the powder scent .Great bang for your buck. I couldn’t find this product in Target or Cvs anymore. So this is a great deal for this amount of product.I have been wearing this for years and could no longer find the Powder Fresh fragrance in stores but as usual came to Amazon and found just what I wanted. Bought the 6 pack so I am hoping they won't dry out before I get to using them up (2-3 years?) I just can't imagine using anything other than Ban solid ever again. I used another brand solid once in an emergency and was so incredibly uncomfortable at the wetness I haven't felt in years.I hadn't used this deodorant in years but after reading others reviews I decided to try it. It works great! Better than one of my previously used "clinical strength" deodorants! Would highly recommend and the unscented ones both my husband and myself use. Can't stand the strong smells in the men's scented deodorants, way too strongThe smell is not over powering. Very calm, soothing.Works great and I love the smell (hint of sandalwood), I sweat a lot and this worked just as well as the "clinical strength" products I was using, but much cheaper than the "clinical strength" products.Best use as recommended by my drto send to relatives in GuatemalaIs an excellent productCan now get perfectly compatible label rolls for half this price. Brother needs to decrease the price. Wouldn’t pay this again. We don’t care about the brand on the product. This cuts into our profits more than needed.Just wish the adhesive was a little better when used on paper. Has a slight tendency for the edges to lift after awhile.I got these when I purchased my printer and thought they were fantastic but I wasn't using the labels and machine as much as I needed to until I found replacements that were a lot cheaper (A LOT!) on Amazon.com.Works with the Brother QL-1050 P-Touch software. You can literally print anything you want onto labels of any length. I have awful hand writing and often write out my thank you cards with the labels and adhere them to my stationary.Price to high. We found a different brand that was. $14.00 for each boxGreat quality. Prints everytime with clear fonts and barcodes.always buy the brand name !!goodLASTS FOR AGES PRINTING LABELS FROM MT OLD DOS PROGRAM. LOADS VERY SIMPLE AND CUTS WELL. HAVE LEFT LABEL IN SUNLIGHT AND THEY LAST BETTER THEN MY OLD DOT MATRIX LABELS ALSOExcellent product. Use it for barcode printing and the labels come out really good and easy to scan.Does not stick at the edges rolls upA great product. Just the right amount of holdI LOVE this hairspray...great hold, not sticky. I can only find it on Amazon now!GREAT I LOVE THIS SPRAYGood SprayAs described. Thank you.The description says it’s the “Dual Personality “ spray.
The photo is of the “Sun Touched” spray.
Which is it?A great product. Just the right amount of holdI LOVE this hairspray...great hold, not sticky. I can only find it on Amazon now!GREAT I LOVE THIS SPRAYGood SprayAs described. Thank you.The description says it’s the “Dual Personality “ spray.
The photo is of the “Sun Touched” spray.
Which is it?Excelente practico e indispensableVery good product.I think I'm going to like this eye cream, it's very moisturizing and a little goes a long way.Me encantóI have a hard time sleeping so my eyes are always puffy and dark. I have been using this twice a day . It has really made a big difference for me .I use to work for Clinique, and this is the best eye product on the market and I have tried others. This product will reduce puffy eyes and help with fine lines around the eyes.My eyes look so goodI have always liked it. My eyes are not puffy or dark circles. I think it’s because I have always usWhile it is moisturizing and helping with puffiness under the eyes I don't see any improvement with wrinkles or dark circles and I've used it twice a way now for a month.I was pleasantly surprised by the cost considering it was less expensive than at a department store.This cream is ok .already use for couple day my dark circles is getting little better.I’ve been using this for years, the gel, not the other formula called “rich.” It feels wonderful on my skin. I wear it at night after removing makeup and also in the daytime underneath foundation. It does not cake up and does not feel oily. It’s for around the eyes but I also dab it on rough skin. Lovely product.I’ve used this product for years. I’m 75 and have no crows feet.I liked everything about this product. I use this product twice a day. I am 77 years old and find this is a necessary part of my moisture regime. I use the moisture surge night mask and this product in the evening and the eye cream and daily 72 hour moisture surge face cream in the am. I am always asked how I keep up from the aging. I always used much more expensive brand before I got into this product while at home during the pandemic. It was one good thing that came out of the pandemic.
S. dayI'm a repeat purchaser of this product and thru the years have tried many brands of eye cream. Clinique has worked best for me in reducing under eye wrinkles. A most important feature is, it is Ophthalmologist Tested and fragrance free.would not buy againThis stuff works. Shipping was slow.I did not receive any free or discounted products for my review.

I have always had dark undereye circles. I have tried basically every available undereye moisturizer at drug stores and just was never particularly thrilled, so I just resigned myself to hoping my circles didn't get much worse over time. However, this cream actually had a noticeable lightening effect on my dark circles (I am definitely not sleeping more these days, so I will give the cream the credit), and completely knocks out the occasional puffiness I have when I wake up. The cream leaves my skin silky but not shiny, it sits under makeup well, and even when I use it liberally morning and night these little jars still last me for months--so the higher price tag works out fine even for my student budget.Okay, the product packaging says you can use this like a primer. Not so. I use this first, let it sink in, try to avoid my lash line (my eyeliner doesn't stay put if I get it near my lash line) and then use primer over it. I didn't notice any difference in puffiness, but Clinique has reputable products, so just use them the way they work for you. I use this to enhance the anti-aging product I use at night, so I have some protection during the day. I did notice a measurable difference in the number of noticeable wrinkles around my eyes when I pair this with the laser focus cream Clinique has (I use that at night).Finally! An eye cream that doesn't irritate my skin. This stuff is great. A little goes a long way so the price is not an issue. I've been using the same jar for over a month and it doesn't even look like I've used it at all. It's silky and fragrance free. Love it. So happy I finally found something that doesn't make my eyes puffy and scaly like everything else I've tried.I have always used Vicks since childhood for any ailments that my parents thought I had especially Respiratory problems. I do the same with my kids. I always have one available at all time to use every night for my nose to prevent congestion from the air conditioning and during winter from the heater. It really works!Did what it's supposed toThe balm is unsealed. I ordered several bottles. They arrived in different packages without seal under a plastic cap. The main ingredient of this product is camphor which contact with air every easily. As a result, it destroy the entire balm in very short period of time. A plastic cap on the top of the bottle will not protect the product. I am pharmacist and I know it for sure. I cannot return this product. So I have to seal it myself to make sure the product will work after one year. If I could I would put zero stars for this product. Also, there is a misleading information. I ordered the balm because the description says “manufactured by Proctor&Gamble. However, it is not. This product made in India. DON NOT BUY IT!What can I say about Vicks, that everyone doesn't know already! Everyone's favorite, since forever! It does have more uses, other for colds! Love this stuff!Love this ! Just wish the jar was bigger! Way too small! But I still recommend this product! Just a bigger jar!Always use this when my baby has runny nose and some mild cold symptoms. I put it in his feet chest and his back.I do ceramics, and my hands are always so rough. A friend told me to rub some Vicks on at night every night before bed, and what a difference! I don’t know why it works better than hand creams, but it does for me. Plus, I like the smell.Been using for years so definitely get thisRubbed Vicks on my feet and finally slept through the night.Just what I wanted! I love this stuff.It's Vicks VapoRub. If you've used it, you know what it's about. If not, try it. I use it for stuffed up noses and it takes care of business. I can't imagine a day when I won't want VapoRub.as describedThis product has been around for years and it is as good as ever, if you have a cold or are stuffy put some of this on your chest at night and it will really bring relief.BuenísimoI received my Vicks today. I noticed that the product has a weak scent and and I could barely feel the menthol. When I put on my glasses to find the expiration date I found that the product expires in a couple of weeks (Jan 20). I tried to return it and amazon's system said it's a unreturnable item. This product is being sold as if new. One star. How cold you take advantage of a sick and disabled person like that?I geel product was advertised to be bigger than what I received. I will be purchasing from pharmacy the next timeWorks great !growing up in the 50's and having asthma,you cannot believe how this ointmint cleared my congested chest and air ways.It's Vick's VapoRub at a good price.Always helps with congestion during cold or flu. Can't be without it!This is a wonderful face moisturizer, I was having some breakouts from other face moisturizers, this one has a wonderful consistency, moisturizes but does not make you break out. I love it.This product line plumps, moisturizes, relaxes deeper lines, doesn’t settle in, or appear greasy. Best line of skincare out there for me. Learned of the product from a tester kit I was given. Not going back to old products! (I’m 52)Goes on smooth with oily feel.Moisturizer for face and neck. Too expensive for quality of product.Amazing!Effective and not greasy or shiny. A little goes a long way.I have used PCA Collagen Hydrator for many years. This is absolutely not a real PCA product. When I opened the product, the top safety seal to the moisturizer was not attached and came off with the top. It was the smell and consistency of the product that made it clear this was not the real moisturizer. The real Collagen Hydrator has no smell. The odor from this product was alarming. Amazon is an authorized online retailer for PCA, however, I would honestly question whether Amazon is re-selling returned products. This moisturizer is amazing and worth every dollar, but I encourage you to be very careful thinking you are getting genuine PCA products off Amazon. I would also strongly encourage PCA to more thoroughly oversee their products being sold by Amazon.I am a PCA enthusiast and have used just about everything they manufacture. It's the only line that my skin doesn't have a reaction to. I have gone through all of their moisturizers, and none of them have been moisturizing enough, until I tried their Collagen Hydrator. It's is the absolute best moisturizer in their line. The great part is that it's fairly affordable compared to some of their other moisturizers. I highly recommend it if you need something that is moisturizing without feeling heavy.My boyfriend actually told me about this moisturizer and since the first time I used, I loved it. It's super light weight. It's a creamy texture, but when you rub it in it get's super thin with kind of a watery texture to it making it feel so light weight, but makes your skin feel so hydrated and look super dewy! 10I love this product but the price went from barely over $30 to $53.I first started using this cream after going to a very expensive facialI bought this as a recommendation from my esthetician. As a 29 year old woman it’s difficult to find the right product for younger skin. This worked perfect! My face felt so moisturized, plump and beautiful the next morning. Also, this lasted me a good 6 months! Totally worth the investment.A good productthis moisturizer is excellent. I like that it doesnt sit on the skin, but skin feels moisturized & hydrated all day long. My skin really changed for the drier when i became pregnant. I could no longer use retinol products either. I didnt know what to use and my doctor as well as esthetician recommended this line. It was well worth it. That glowing, pregnant look does NOT occur naturally for everyone, especially if u have sensitive, allergic reactions on your skin. Thanks to this product line i had great releif & improvement. Also i appreciate that instead of containing collagen, (which when applied topically cannot be absorbed by skin to increase collagen content) , it can rather stimulate collagen production in skin. This puts it a step ahead of a lot of products out there if you ask me. i will continue to use this in the long term, pregnant or not.So far I really like this product. It's not thin line some negative reviews stated. I was a bit worried it may get be a fake from various reviews. But, after using it overnight I can see a huge difference in my skin's hydration. It feels really nice, but not greasy. It is a very all jar, so I will probably run out quickly. I'm wondering if I can purchase cheaper. Sometimes Amazon market increases the prices for the convenience of 2 day shipping.A close friend is a sales manager for PCA and it’s a local Arizona company, and I LOVE their products. The products can seem a little expensive, but they are worth it! This moisturizer is light and smooth! I am never greasy nor still feeling dry. I use it in the morning and at night, after cleaning with PCA face wash and toning with PCA’s Hydrating toner.This is one of my main moisturizers, I use especially when I am traveling to a much warmer climate. My skin is never extra oily or shiny. Plus my skin stays totally hydrated.Amazing light weightGreat moisturizer without feeling heavy. The coolness of the product on my skin feels like all the puffiness evaporates.PCA is a great skin product line
Great nighttime face cream.
I’ve bought this from a dealer & this is a little smaller jar ...still a great priceThis stuff smells great. The scent is pleasant and very fresh. It lasts very well for a body wash too. Hydration isn't the best I've ever seen from a body wash but it isn't bad. It doesn't really dry me out all that much. And it gets you CLEAN! Really, any Old Spice Body Wash seems to A. get you really clean, B. Smells great if you like the scent, and C. isn't really all that bad on the skin. I'd say for the money Old Spice is hard to beat all around when it comes to body wash. I also love their antiperspirants as well. I am going to try the Hydro Body Wash line very soon. If that stuff really moisturizes well and my favorite scents smell the same as this line of soap? I won't be buying any other type of body wash.This is my favorite body wash. Apparently, it is the favorite of everyone else too, because I can never find it in the stores. Or maybe it isn't anybody's favorite, so that is why I can no longer find it in the stores. Hmm. Anyway, I love the smell of this body wash. Not overpowering and I love the smell it leaves in the air after using it. I have tried a number of other brands and even a couple of others from Old Spice and I like this one more.

However, because of the inability to find it in stores, I recently tried out the Old Spice Bearglove and really like that one. I have completely stopped using the "Fresh" scent now and have switched to Bearglove. It's a little stronger, but smells really nice.Works well and smells good. Its for men so if you can get the generic for cheaper go that route, but this on prime so I don't have to put in much effort to buy and have it arrive in a couple of days.I've been using this stuff since 1999. I feel like all the other Old Spice products have way too strong of a smell. This is just right right. The "fresh" brand is getting harder to find so I'm starting to wonder if this is the new "old man smell" and they are discontinuing it. I don't think so but the worst judge of old man smell is an old man (me). Whenever this becomes impossible to find I'll grow a hipster beard and switch to the "swagger" fragrance. Until then I'll keep using this stuff.I think the title is enough to fully justify the 5 stars. But we've tried many different body washes and have always come back to this particular brand and scent. By "we," I mean I tried it, and my wife let me know if she liked the smell or not. And of course, I've grown rather accustom to the smell and even bought the matching deoterant.

Unfortunately many local stores have stopped carrying this scent and have new ones which are just weird. Why would I want to smell like the jungle? Seriously. Why. Fortunately, trusty Amazon has been carrying the "fresh" body wash. Time to stock up and keep the wife happy!This is an excellent product at a very good price. My son is very happy to not have to look for this in the retail store for a while.Love the products old spice fresh body wash as well as the deodorant, but it seems to me the longevity of the scent is not there anymore! Doesn't last as long as it use too... hope the company is not holding back on the ingredients going a cheaper route.Combines effective cleansing with refreshing scent. When I step out of the shower my wife will often say, "Mmm, you smell really clean!". That's good enough for me. I give it 4 stars only because the gel is tricky to use without losing some of it down the drain. Whereas some shower gels are more "sticky" and stay on the hands, this product tends to the more slippery side and bits of it will escape to the shower floor. It's still good value and a fine product.This came highly recommended by my brother, so I took a shot and ordered it.

- Long lasting
- Refreshing
- Lathers well
- Great value!I enjoy the product I fresh and clean after my shower.Great lather. Really nice lather in fact. Nice scent. Leaves a slippery residue on skin and wash rag that's probably meant to be a moisturizer. Not my favorite-sorta makes you feel like it's not all washed off. However, I don't hate it and alternate it's use with other soaosEasily one of the best deals out there for body wash. Great value and good scent keeps you smelling fresh too. You can’t get this in stores either so get it while you canPurchased this for my husband through my Prime Pantry account. He is an Old Spice man and prefers that I buy something that smells "manly" but not too overbearing. This product holds with his approval and he enjoys using it. No skin reactions, and this is important because my husband suffers from eczema in the winter time. He says it doesn't irritate him to use this product. I would always recommend Old Spice. They have never disappointed my husband.One of the only cleansers I can use that doesn't result in dry skin; fresh scent OK, but not my favoriteLove this smell on my husband. I love the smell that this has all day long when my husband uses it. It smells amazing. The fragrance is not over whelming but strong enough to where you smell it through out the day. The bottle is large and it last a long time.This is from a woman's point of view. This product cleans my husband. That is always a plus. He doesn't smell like a dead mouse. Again, a plus. Fresh scent? Definitely not the same "fresh" as other products. But not an unpleasant smell. When I put long lasting in the title I meant it. I can still smell it on his clothes when I wash, even if I let the laundry pile up for a few days. For the price it is worth it for your husband not to smell like butt.Good product kind of dries out my skin which is probably related to my skin not the product itself it was a reasonable price and delivered in two days no complaints but I probably need something with more hydrating elements to adequately clean my skinI love the smell of this body wash. Unfortunately it doesn't last more than a few hours, very dissapointed. What ever happened to their "8 hour scent technology". I don't know about you, but I'd rather smell good all day then be gauranteed 3 times clean! Anyways, I have used all sort of body washes from various manufacturers and I always come back to the great scents of Old Spice.This stuff is the best. Most of the other scents seem to bother my skin, but not this one. It's great. Impossible to find locally these days as most stores carry the stuff that has so much scent stuff that it's vomit inducing. Been buying Old Spice Fresh scent soaps & deodorant since I started using deodorant. Great product.Showers but product is very thinTake a swig. Stop the poop.

I could be the new jingle writer! Heyo!My 5 yr old grandson didn’t care for the taste. But the medicine helped him feel better.It helps with diarrhea when you’re in a hurry. You know, when you’re sliding into first and your pants begin to burst .My 6 yr. old granddaughter seemed to tolerate the strong mint flavor, but the results seem to be iffy. She still had diarrhea and after 2 doses and her stomach seemed even worse.goodAs a Doctor, I was a little hesitant. I'm more of the all natural crazy organic type. With that said, I studied up on this product and asked a pediatric colleague of mine. While herbal remedies work well with mild cases, nothing can touch how well this works when it's a severe case. You'd only use this in moderation, so I felt safe giving this to my child. Especially with the pediatricians thumbs up.goodIt was good to have while traveling just to have that peace of mind, these products are sometimes hard to find when traveling abroad.Works as expected, happy with purchaseValue product compared to WalmartHaving this in mint flavor is NOT a good idea if you intend to give this to a child.goodJune 2015 UPDATED REVIEW - General Mills has vowed to remove all artificial colors from their KIDS BREAKFAST CEREALS, why does Imodium still contain the DIARRHEA CAUSING FD&C Blue 1 ?

Original Review:
To the Manufacturers of Imodium: Please, Please remove FD&C Blue 1 and all artificial colors from the ingredients. ALL artificial colors are made from coal tar or petroleum, something our bodies do NOT need!

Ever since I was a young child, seemingly randomly I would develop mild to severe GI distress including severe abdominal pain, bloating, and diarrhea, often after I arrived otherwise healthy to school. Perplexed school officials often called my frustrated parents to come, again, pick me up from school with "the punies". How I hated that word! How I hated spending hours at a time glued to a toilet, doubled over in severe pain!

Undoubtedly my parents would give me Imodium, and undoubtedly it would help take the edge off the pain and diarrhea, but when I was given the Imodium sure it would lessen up a bit... but it always seemed to drag the horrid experience out longer, just milder... as I grew older I began to notice the pattern, but did not understand *why*... not for many years.

When I finally made the connection of FD&C Blue 1 *always* being connected to "the punies" including cramping, bloating, abdominal pain, discomfort, diarrhea and sometimes bloody stools, suddenly *everything* made sense!

Like clockwork, when I consumed anything with FD&C Blue 1 again I experienced onset of GI distress symptoms. The more Blue 1 that was consumed or absorbed, the worse the symptoms. This includes far too many brands of colorful children's cereals and sugary beverages, sports drinks, PICKLES or PICKLE RELISH, many brands of *white* marshmallows, mouth wash and tooth paste, hand soap and dish detergent, lotion and unfortunately greenish colored Imodium. I was always in severe abdominal distress. Major GI issues. Again, Imodium would help - but drag out the experience longer. Finally I realized the connection.. sure enough, checking the bottle FD&C Blue 1 is listed in the ingredients. Just 1 smll dose has me doubled over in pain.. again.. or worse.

Imodium itself is good at what it does... However, this Imodium contains BLUE 1! FD&C BLUE 1 causes severe abdominal distress in a percentage of the population (many of whom have yet to make the connection). If you aren't sure why Blue 1 is such a bad idea, check out the FDA press release stating blue 1 is "casually linked" to fatalities they investigated.

Parents: if you aren't sure why your kids randomly seem to develop stomach aches, diarrhea, abdominal distress, bloating, cramping or worse - bloody stools, start reading the food labels of everything consumed 24-36 hours prior to onset. A pattern will undoubtedly emerge...

Ps there is hope! Once I learned to avoid Blue 1 (Whole Foods is the *only* grocery store where I can safely shop without scrutinizing every product label!) my life vastly improved. Now I can almost always pinpoint the now rare GI distress to a new source of Blue 1 "contamination" I had not yet realized; the latest being Doppler ultrasound gels used in many hospitals and clinics. Now I know to ask them to use the silver packets of clear gel...

So if you find you are reaching for the green Imodium A-D a bit too much, start keeping a food diary and find the trend, SOMETHING is potentially triggering the episodes.We've all taken imodium at one point or another and knows it's an odd taste. But this so worked on my daughter that had bad tummy to stool issues. I would definitely purchase again if I need too. And the price is right!This stuff is absolutely amazing my son had gotten sick, he had really bad diarrhea after a spoon full of medicine, it worked really well, his poop went from water to a clumpy gooey consistency a lot better for just a day next day back to normal.Ended up using this during a trip abroad and stomach felt better right away.WorksFor years I've been using the pods. they ran out of the pods so I bought the powder. Wayyy better. Not that pods aren't good but the powder seems to do by its name COMPLETE.Too bad the corporate folks don’t want you buy it and buy pods instead.This was recommended for my dishwasher drawers and I use it exclusively. I can wash a fully loaded drawer in 56 minutes and everything comes perfectly clean!I’ve been using this dish washing detergent for many years and I like the way it works. It was delivered very quickly, I appreciated that.I started looking into this product when I found myself having to do multiple run to get my dishes clean. I was a pod user for years, but within a day switched to the powder. The pods don't work. Fill your prewash and main wash with this and it's like magic, your dishwasher suddenly cleans like it's new.

I'm never using pods again, they're a waste of time and money. This box works!My modern, draw type Fisher Paykel dishwasher only accommodates dry powder dishwashing soap. I'm very happy to be able to continue purchasing this product as my local grocery stores do not carry it. It arrived as described in great condition.After years of using and throwing away plastic jugs, I decided to try this powder.
I cannot tell any difference in the way it cleans my dishes. I really like this stuff, will not be returning to plastic bottles.Works well for cleaning dishesThe best for a bachelor's china and drinking glass cabinet. LOL. Been using Cascade for ever and it's the ONLY detergent for the dishwasher.Works well. We have a European dishwasher that requires power. Not as good as the high end powder.I always use this productDidn't know these are powder but those pods. A little disappointed and more work to use itNo complaintsthe only soap I can use for dishwasher...never failsGreat product. My MaMa prefers the powder formula for her older dishwasher.It gets our dishes clean and bright.Outer bag was intact, but box of cascade was damaged and leaking. Detergent was loose inside the inner plastic bag. We had to pour all that loose detergent into another container and clean up the mess.This box last a long time and wash away all dirtEconomicalCASCADE IS ABSOLUTELY THE VERY BEST DISHWASHER DETERGENT I'VE EVER USED. PANS SOILED WITH TOMATO BASED DISHES BAKED IN THE OVEN, LIKE ZITI OR LASAGNA, COME OUT SPARKLING CLEAN. SO SATISFIED.Great office table. We use this table in a shared office space. The table doubles as a desk when all of the other stations are in use. Our primary purpose for having the table is weekly management meetings.

The table arrived quickly and in good condition. Assembly took one person about twenty minutes with the right tools and was not a difficult process. If you need to move this upVery nice and affordable conference table for small applications. We use this is a small room for our church and it seats 6 chairs comfortably.
The table is very sturdy, however I did use some wood glue to ensure stability.
The color is nice and rich.
The table takes about and hour to assemble with 2 persons : the top is very heaven and you cannot assemble alone.
Cons: the top is easily scratch as was mines when being assembled. But at this price point a very great purchase.Item arrived knocked down but well packaged. Assembly was easy and straight forward. Would have liked to see some stronger fastening methods for the base sections. Great finish on the top.This table is good looking and was very easy to assemble.The original item arrived with the top damaged, no damage to the outer carton. The vendor sent us a new top right away. Super service, and expedited the new table top. The item is a great value for the money. The table functions well as a conference table, and the appearance is
upscale.Excellent service. The table arrived with some pretty significant damage to the surface and the seller sent me a new table. The table looks great in our admissions office. Sturdy and modern, clean lines. Does show fingerprints.After three attempts to have delivery, a soiled box showed up...what was inside, however, hit the spot for my conference room. Very happy!Used since Oct 2015. Love this table.

Used to outfit a consultingGreat size, sturdy, looks good.Easy to assemble, very sturdy and functional. I would buy again. We have been using this for real estate closings for about a year, and it still looks great.Table arrived damaged.. Table top is chipped & will need repaired. Box was fine.Use this in my office at school and the students love it. It has a nice surface and a great height. Good table for the price.table had a large dent and crack in it, the box it came in was also beat up.
had to send it back.Great product - love it!Really like the Table .... the only issue .... didn't get the shorter length that was orderednice conference table; looks great; easy to assemble; no problems; good buy; highly recommended; one hundred per cent happy with this purchaseDidn't come with hardware. Can't even use it as firewoodReceived damagedSmells so bad I can barely visit the room we put this inI recieved the table today but it's broken, I paid $300 for that....This simplistic, clean design is a work of art - an example of form & function at its best. Extremely well built, no cheap or cheesy parts, fit & finish on the 2 units I purchased & assembled were as close to perfect as possible, considering mass production & relatively low price point for this level of quality & sheer mass, a solid strong build with a subdued muscular lookThis beast is 91LBS and is not something that I am concerned about falling over. I spent a loooong time debating on the benefits of having one of these towers versus using the TV stand that I currently have in the living room. Everything came to a head one day after I had upgraded my speakers and my Receiver went into power protect mode because it didn't have enough room to breathe when it was in my TV stand. I don't have much to compare it to outside of the $800+ range (my father has a really nice AV tower), but I will definitely say that I am pleased with how this product functions and it is well worth the investment if you're like me and need to get something under $300 to save yourself the headache of purchasing a new receiver.

Some notes on the various aspects of this AV Tower:

The description states that the shelving is: Distances between shelves: top shelf=7 3Just got this for a steal at $152 plus change, after taxes. I just have to say that it's really nice and has a premium look. Was it my first choice? Not at all, but there comes a time when one must accept that they do not carry the funds to be buying overpriced product that's only overpriced to appeal to people with money. This thing looks great. It feels cheap absolutely zero. I would have a hard time being more happy with anything else I can get my hands on.

On to the infos - I'm not a huge fan of the method of suction cups for the glass. It was a pain for my thumb to go through installing the cups. The very top holes where the top piece of glass goes, does not agree well at all with the cups. Press as hard as you might, it's probably not going to be enough to get them in. I took my hammer, the only practical thing I could find to hammer on that would work i.e. big enough, not small nor too big-a basic black marker, lined it up in the middle of the cup that was already as far pressed in as I could get it with my thumb, and by gently hammering I could get the cup to go all the way in. The cups and holes on the rest of the rig were a cake walk in comparison. Just press in and twist til they pop in fully.

(NOTE: My size is "football player" massive, for the record. So of course I have large hands and as a result, thumbs. Smaller people will PROBABLY have a lot easier time installing the suction cups with much smaller thumbs. Just a heads up to not be too scared off about the suction cups. If you resort to hammer and perhaps a black marker or basic pen to hammer on, you'll probably break it like I did. My reasoning for using a marker and something bigger than the typical bolt or whatnot metal object is I was worried about ruining the suction capability of the cup. Use something big enough not to start poking through the tiny hole on the cup and it should be fine to use)

The second biggest chore was getting the top glass to go on right i.e. straight and even. I'm 6' but I imagine had I used a small step ladder I could position myself above and make a better placement. The problem that adds onto this problem is it can't be put on evenly due to the backside requiring two L shaped bars to connect the glass to the shelf, so you must connect the bars prior in order to correctly install the glass. I strongly suggest leaving the bars very loose so they work with the glass movement, and let them serve as a guideline to how far back the glass needs to go before you set it. No worries if you get it wrong, the suction cups aren't overpowering and you can retry as often as you need to get it right.

You'll also see four half circle bars which will confuse you unless someone informs you or you research them. Just do as the photo only instructions show. They will be used for attaching the glass shelves to the metal bars to better stabilize them for I guess whenPay close attention to the weight listed in the product description: this is NOT your bog-standard cheap-ass particleboard stereo stand. The frames are metal tubes and the beveled glass is decently thick -- which is where a lot of the weight comes from. These are why this is a $200 item vs a $100 item.

No worries whatsoever about this holding any reasonable amount of weight; in fact my eight year old son (sigh) crawled on top. It could totally support a modern TV of any size, though the overhang on the sides would make that a somewhat precarious arrangement if there were any chance of bumping -- usually a better idea to wall-mount.

One of the welded brackets that hold on the top from the rear was a bit twisted. I was able to bend it a bit, but at the cost of scratching the powdercoat. It comes with lightweight hardware to anchor to a wall -- I think the CPSC has been on furniture mfg's to include something. I didn't use it, you might want to.

The gray U frames had a couple of scuffs on them, not a dealbreaker or very noticeable once assembled.

The most awesome thing about this unit is how the hardware is packaged. Anyone who has wrestled with IKEA kits knows what I mean. Each set of hardware bits is sealed separately into a salp-link chain. Moreover each is labeled with the same part number that the instructions reference. No more wondering which screw is which. This is priceless.

The worst thing about this unit is the packaging. The metal components come wrapped in plastic bags, which is sad but usual, and thin foam sheets separate the sheets of glass. The nasty bit is that the voids and margins of the box are filled with blocks of EPS, aka styrofoam, that are taped together. This makes it impossible to remove the pieces and properly dispose of the box without EPS beads getting everywhere. IKEA mostly manages to use honeycomb cardboard for this purpose. No reason it couldn't be used here.I purchased this for my father so he could reduce the clutter of his audio and video gear and have a tower that would allow him to put his turntable on the top so he didn't have to bend over to use it. He absolutely loves it and I enjoyed that the assembly process was very easy and straight-forward.

One thing I want to mention is that the box this thing comes in is huge and weighs about 90lbs so it may be hard for some people to move it on their own. The second is there is not a huge amount of Styrofoam around the glass shelves and the first unit shipped had completely cracked and broken shelves. Major kudos to Amazon for having a quick and easy exchange process that allowed for the UPS guy to drop off a new one and pick up the old one in just a few days.

The tower is comprised of a few heavy-duty metal pieces and glass shelves. The assembly process was quite easy due to the fact that every small part was packaged and labeled clearly. A small tool that is included is all you really need for installation though I found having a small hammer around to get the suction cups that hold the shelves stable made the process a whole lot easier.

Once assembled this tower is a virtual tank. One thing to remember, and they do warn against this in the instructions, is that when you are moving the tower to grab the metal pieces and not the glass since the glass is not permanently secured. Each glass shelf can handle up to 50lbs which should be fine for most audio gear.

Overall this tower was easy to put together and looks good. Recommended.An attractive and well-built audio tower. All the pieces were well-finished and will complement even the finest audiophile or videophile equipment. Keep in mind that this is a open-air tower with only minimal enclosure (on the back there is a metal plate that serves as a backstop as well as a cable guide.) This is mostly good though as air flow is always a concern when using electronics and with the Bush Midnight Mist tower your equipment will have plenty of opportunity to acquire cooler outside air and expel any warmer exhaust. Construction of the unit is straightforward but can be tricky for one person especially when joining the four posts and installing the tempered glass. Having a partner is recommended - particularly if you are not a buffWe were looking for a shelving unit to hold all of our media components (tivo, dvd, play station, receiver, internet router) to accompany our wall-mounted 60 inch tv. This was a great size for what we were looking for... perhaps slightly bigger than it seemed in the photos, but its in-person impression is elegant and unobtrusive, so the size wasn't a problem or a deterrent.

To echo what so many other reviewers have said, this is an exceptional product. It's well worth the money paid, and I was pleasantly surprised at how quickly it arrived at our door, considering we live in Alaska and did not choose to pay for any upgraded shipping.

It took my husband just under an hour to put together, and there were no problems with misaligned partsWow was this thing heavy. Assembly took about an hour, while watching TV. Definitely get all the screws started before tightening them down. I did not, and I had to loosen a few up to get things to align. Once the frame was together you put plastic suction cup things (yes very technical term) on the top them to hold the glass up. They were a bugger to get in. I licked a few to squeeze them into the frame holes. Getting those little suckers in place was the hardest part of this build, but critical to keep the glass from hitting the shelves. Once they were in the glass was placed easily. The shelves are heavy - I never realized glass was so heavy. The top sheet has a couple clamps on it in the back. The TV weight limit is 50 pounds.

I was able to fit a cable box, Xbox on one shelf. I also put some GamesAll in all this is a great piece of furniture. That being said, however, there were some problems which are still being dealt with. When the item was received one of the welds on the tubular side rails was broken off. Contacted the company and a very nice young lady promised to get the part out to me right away, which she did. Received the part in good condition and constructed it without incident. Upon putting the unit in my living room and installing the stereo equipment I discovered that the cross pieces on the replacement tubular unit were 3This thing looks great, holds lots of equipment, and was easy easy easy to setup. It gives plenty of space for each unit and lots of airflow. I needed to get this thing setup in a crunch, I had my AI was stunned at how high quality this piece of furniture is, for the price. I'm used to buying small furniture (desks, bookcases, coffee tables) and assembling the particle board pieces, finding creative ways to replace the pieces that are inevitably missing.... I'm sure that sounds familiar for many of you. But this piece from Bush Furniture was nothing like that! The instructions were very clear, all of the different pieces of hardware were individually bagged and clearly labeled, the glass shelves were well packed, and the metal frame pieces are extremely solid and look much more expensive than this tower actually is. Assembly took about 2 hours (at a leisurely pace) and four hands were necessary several times. The only I'd make different is the cable holes along the back panel; I have a power regulator on my bottom shelf (fancy surge protector for AV components) and couldn't fit all of the cables through the organizer porthole. No big deal, though. Plenty of room for all my cables on each of the other shelves. I love the glass top especially - it makes a good home for the record player. The other shelves hold my AVR, HTPC, Wii U, Xbone, and PS4.
I love this thing so much that I've actually looked up other products from Bush and will certainly buy from them again in the future.This media stand looks great. It's sturdy and strong. Assembly was simple and straight forward.

The only problem was the product condition upon delivery. I bought it in like new condition from Amazon Warehouse Deals. I normally have no troubles with orders like this, but this had obviously been mistreated. One of the tempered glass shelves was shattered in the box, and the back panel piece had a bent corner on the bottom.

Amazon worked with me, and with Bush to get a new shelf sent to me, which was good of them. I used a pair of pliers to bend the corner back, relatively into place. Since the stand is in the back corner of my theater room, this defect is never seen, thankfully.

All in all, it's a great stand, but it loses a star due to poor condition upon delivery.This audio tower stand is awesome. It looks very modern and it's very sturdy.

The box it came in was very heavy. I just took it apart in the garage and carried the different pieces separately into the house. It was packed very well and all pieces were perfect with no dents, dings, or scratches. Was very pleased with that.

The directions were clear. There are no written instructions, just drawings. You just need to go slow, review the different steps first, and become familiar with all the parts and hardware, which are all labeled very clearly. I have assembled lots of furniture and other items in the past, and this was one of the easiest.

Everything fit together perfectly. I put it together myself. No problem. As a few others have mentioned, the hardest part for me (and it wasnt that big of a deal) was putting in the suction cups. I just pressed hard and used the handle of a pair of scissors to help pushI was looking for an attractive, sturdy and roomy ABeing allergic to most assemble yourself furniture, I set out to find an audio rack made exclusively of metal and glass. One that was heavy and stable enough for my vintage turntable to ride on top. This one ticked all those boxes and at a mere $185 shipped Prime directly from Amazon.

At 91 lbs it's a beast, but by myself and taking my sweet time, I had it together within an hour. Went together very well. No missing parts. I did use a more robust 4mm L wrench than the one included because I had it on hand.

It's an absolute work of art and the pics do in no justice! I cut 4 pieces from a mouse pad to further isolate the stand from my hardwood floor and allow it to slide.

It housed all my AI received this item about two weeks ago. It came in a very nice, tightly-bound box with lots of styrofoam insulation to protect the various parts.

Took my wife and me about 30 minutes to put together after we got it unboxed and laid out.

All of the hardware was in the box, including allen wrenches, screws and little suction cups. Instructions, which consist solely of illustration, were sufficient. I'm not very mechanically inclined at all and I could have easily put it together with no instructions whatsoever. However, it is a two person job to build this behemoth because everything but the cable manager is pretty heavyI am very happy with my purchase of this AV tower. I assembled it alone with no problem, closely following instructions which were adequate. I tightened the screws while the unit was on it's side, as the instructions said. When I stood the unit up it was lopsided, so had to loosen the screws and re tighten them in the standing position to get the rack to stand without wobbling - adding weight also helps. I used 2 tiny screwdrivers to insert the suction cups, the rubbery substance being very durable. One piece of glass was chipped along one edge due to a factory cutting problem. I called Bush Furniture, explained the problem and they cheerfully sent me another piece of glass - they had seen this problem previously. The AV Tower is an awesome unit, very sturdy and beautifully appealing to the eye. The sale price was what sealed the deal. Be aware that glass shelves require a lot of dusting andWell due to the aesthetics and stellar reviews here I purchased this rack and will have to admit for most general applications it is perfect. Great looking quality rack and a good price. BUT for anyone with a true audiophile system or if you are planning to build one I would stay clear. Only after researching did I find each shelf is suggested to not support more than 50lbs and if you are getting quality components most amps will well exceed this number. I know many reviews people have said they have 100lb units and all is fine but being the shelves are glass, all being fine temporarily doesn't do it for me. Two of my Mcintosh Amps weigh over 133lbs and I wouldn't dare risk it. Not that I even had the option to risk it since both of my amps are 9.5 inches high and each shelf will only accommodate 9" and are NOT adjustable so keep that in mind as well. For one large component the bottom glass can be removed giving a few more inches but it will then be resting on the floor.

In total great unit for most but make sure of your total weight and height of not just your components now but what you might add in the future. Also really no need for glass shelves since your components will cover them anyway. If this unit had steel adjustable shelves it would be perfect and this is what I had to replace it with. Sadly I didn't not look into these things and with it build and it just wasn't an option to return.Well constructed and a slick look. I scoured the internet (mostly Amazon) and this was the best value in mid- to upper-range AThis audio stand is beautiful. It makes me want to buy a better looking stereo.

It's also solid as a rock. I just wish it was square. Quality control needs to be tightened up during the manufacturing process. If it didn't weigh 90 lbs. and would have been a b-word to repack, I would have sent it back.

The "vibration dampening pads" are just suction cups. For the money, I was expecting a real anti-vibration system.

I do have to give Bush Furniture a shout out for cleaning up Amazon's mess: my shipment was missing the parts list and assembly instructions and the hardware pack was torn so screws and small parts were scattered all over the box. I called Bush Customer Service and they emailed me a PDF of the parts list so I could take inventory and recontact them to have any missing parts sent via overnight. Very good customer service.I love that the cabinet matches my other Bush furniture, and it shipped quickly. On the downside, it had damage to the back panel that is visible on both sides (see photo taken as we were unboxing the product). After my husband determined that it probably would not impact the structural integrity, we decided to "live with it". He put it together and there were two issues with the hardware. The door lock only seems to lock one door, which is useless since the entire width of the cabinet can still be accessed by opening the other door. Secondly, as a tip for others, he said that the best way to install the doors (the hinges) was to remove the adjustment screws first and then slide the door's hinges all the way into the receiving hardware, and then everything should be pretty square and straight if the cabinet was correctly assembled. My only other comment is that a couple of hours after I placed the order, I realized that i had accidentally used our debit card instead of my Amazon store card (my intended payment method) and I didn't catch it at that moment (my fault). So I asked this company to cancel the order so I could reorder again with my preferred payment method, and they said basically just said "No". I had also ordered another Bush office furniture piece that was through a different company on Amazon, and they were very helpful and accommodating (quite pleasant). So that aspect compared between these two companies was like night and day. So I definitely didn't want to try to return this one with the damaged part after the prior attempt to work with them to cancel this order. The cabinet itself looks good with my other furniture and will prove to be quite useful.This is the second Bush cabinet that I’ve built. Yes, the locking mechanism is weak, but I didn’t buy the cabinet for security. I wish that Bush had included a plug of some kind to fill the lock hole. Assembly was straightforward and relatively easy. It is very heavy, 89 pounds, but it is also very robust being able to support 100 pounds on top easily. I actually had to order this twice. The first time, FedEx lost the box somewhere in New Mexico where it still remains. Bush was quick refund the amount I paid for that shipment. I repurchased it and it was here in just a few days, instead of taking a circuitous route around the western US like the first one...The BBF brand is one of the best RTA furniture you can get and super easy to assemble with clear instructions. I have been buying BBF pieces for 16 years and will continue.

The 30” width of this cabinet perfect as a printer stand with room for an inbox tray on the side. I like this better than the piler piece at only 24”.

The Cherry laminate of this Series C piece matches my Series A pieces but I prefer the rounded corners of Series A. This piece has right angle corners.

This has a backside hole with grommet for cords if you want to power something behind the doors.Shipped quickly, seems very sturdyI purchased this cabinet for extra storage in my home office. It is attractive in appearance but putting it together gave my husband a bit of a challenge. (Could be his skills!) I ordered a second shelf which added more space for what I needed. Why it isn't part of the initial offering I don't know. The lock is quite cheesy and so if you're trying to protect any secure documents forget about it. All you need to do is pull hard on the doors even with the lock on and they open. A few screws were missing but the customer service at the company was great and they sent them immediately. I am overall satisfied with the piece. I guess for the price it is a good addition.I have purchased about 7 various pieces this Bush Business Furniture in Hansen Cherry. I am a bit neurotic when it comes to office furniture and I wanted something that would last. It had to be able to take the abuse of well….actually using it.
I must say that I have been impressed so far. All of the sets came shipped on varying days from different shippers over a one week period. The packing is very impressive. Each piece of wood inside the box is wrapped in foam andThis office set is awesome! Not only is the product outstanding, so is the customer service folks. I had a small dig in the top of my desk and they sent me another top. I would definitely recommend to anyone. I don't use the locks, so can't provide info on the issue that everyone has complained about. If you follow the instructions, you'll be fine. Let's face it, locks only keep out honest people. They look amazing!Used for extra office storage space and surface.I needed a solid cabinet with a lock for use at our church by one of our groups and this one turned out great. It's a solid, heavier cabinet that I got in a lighter finish. The cabinet is a good size with an adjustable shelf and I was able to add casters without any problem. Assembly is pretty simple and the instructions are clear.GOOD PRICE, WELL PACKAGED, WE ASSEMBLED IT IN JUST OVER AN HOUR.
RECOMMENDED.I love the quality of this cabinet along with the matching desk. I did receive one piece that was damaged in shipping but Bush replaced the piece, no questions asked. Great customer service.The product delivered late, and the box and some boards inside are damaged during shipping.

The assemble is not super difficult. However, I found the lock does not work. The cabinet can be opened even it is locked.We were looking for a cabinet that locked so that is the main reason we chose the Series C Collection 30W Storage Cabinet. We were disappointed because, although it does lock, it doesn't lock well. To begin with, the locking mechanism simply locks against the other door rather than connecting the 2 doors and latching against something else. What this means to me is that it can be opened without a key even it if it locked. All that is necessary is to pull the doors open far enough the locking latch will simply separate from the other door. This really doesn't help me. For anyone needing a cabinet that securely locks, this is not the one!I have put together alot of stuff and this was very easy.Heavy-duty storage, very attractive as well.Purchased this office storage cabinet to replace a much older cabinet. Had my IT guy assemble it with no problems at all. Very sturdy and heavy as well. Buy it!!Very nice for the price, we ordered one from Office Max, identical to this one, but discovered it was a better price on Amazon, so ordered second one from Amazon. Paid less, got it faster. Bush makes very sturdy furniture. It can be time consuming putting together. We put together serveral pieces to make a work center and they all matched perfectly.I am not good a putting these sorts of things together but this was amazingly easy I did not swear once while working on it! Only draw back is the lock doesn't really work.The cabinets are in very good size and appearance to fit our needs. But there is big crack on one of the doors when arriving which was not caused by delivery since packaging was not damaged. All the communications were smooth. The manufacturer sent replacement pretty fast. If they could do their QC better before shipping, we would all save time and cost.Easy to put together and looks nice. On arrival two pieces were damaged and a short call to BBF had replacement pieces on the way that same day.

I recently remodeled my home office and got 6 pieces from this BBF furniture line. They are all solid, sturdy and they look good. As I noted in my other reviews, I'm a bit concerned about the laminate being thin and, therefore, scratching easily. I'm being gentle and haven't had any problem so far.I have sensitive skin and this product is perfect for anyone looking for a natural way to clean their clothes and have a fragrant scent that soothes. Highly recommend.I love the scent and the gentleness on my body. I had used unscented detergent for years. I used to use lavender scented conventional detergent, but about 10 or 12 years ago it seems like they amped up all of the scents so they were just too strong. I use half conventional unscented liquid and half seventh generation lavender simply to save a little $ since the unscented is cheaper. It doesn’t irritate my eyes and make me walk around in a strong force-field of scent like many detergents. I love it!I love that this is plant based and that it’s a healthier option. It smells really good, but the smell won’t stay on your clothes like a chemical based detergent would so keep that in mind when ordering. Overall, it’s a great product that is safer. Recommend.This was my first time using Seventh Generations laundry Detergent. I bought it to wash all the newborn clothes we had before our daughter was born, and now since have used it to hand wash in our sink at home. We go through a lot of baby clothes a day, with spit ups and diaper spills. The detergent is very mild on my hands, and is very effective in cleaning the clothes and removing light stains. I’ve observed that the clothes are holding up well to being washed so often and I think that that has to do with the detergent as well as the clothes themselves. The detergent doesn’t seem to bother my newborn at all. I’m very much liking this detergent and want to keep purchasing it.Literally my favorite detergent ever.I loved the smell and how good it cleaned my clothesI really like the lavender smell, except a little bit pricey everything is perfect.Blue eucalyptus and lavender - what's not to love? Naturally cleans with a mild fragrance and is gentle enough for fine (washable) fabrics, too. I have used 7th Generation brand products for years to clean in a healthy, green and non toxic way. They have a whole line of products from dish detergent to everything else. I also prefer a light scent when cleaning. Most essential oils add specific benefits and their nice smell naturally; blue eucalyptus adds a freshness to laundry while lavender is calming to most. Almost all essential oils have antibacterial or cleaning properties. Good for the environment, good for you and great on clothes! Try their blue eucalyptus and lavender fabric softener for linens, pillows and towels. Keeps them fresh smelling and fluffy soft.So we all want to do right for our environment so I thought I would try this out and here are my thoughts—-yes I miss my suds because I was taught that suds mean clean but evidently that is not true. It’s a difficult thing for me to accept but I’m getting there. I will say I love the smell of this detergent and it did work well...it’s more me just having to
Accept that something good for
The environment can also be good for my family in the sense that it works just as well.After my last dish soap ran out I wanted to try something more natural. I remember seeing this brand I the store before and wanted to try it. I don't like using some of the more popular dish soap brands because some of them make my hands red and itchy. So I avoid using them.
This soap gives me no problems at all.
I like the scent as well it's a nice fresh scent . One of the reasons I chose it is because the lavender scent. I enjoy having a great smelling place so I buy scented cleaning supplies I feel smell pretty natural and fresh.
I definitely recommend this product and will purchase it again once it's finished. =^_^=I like the smell but when I poured detergent directly on small stain. It made a huge stain like a blackish gray on my white cotton fabric. I washed a second and third time but it's ruined.I loved the smell of this laundry detergent. Not overwhelming, just subtle. My local grocery store sells this brand but it’s expensive compared to Amazon’s price.Really wish this left my laundry smelling better. Even with the same fabric softener, it doesn't leave clothes smelling fresh. It seems to work well in the actual cleaning process though. Disappointed because I love the brand and that they sell products that are better for the environment. I will continue to support their other products.I've been buying this laundry soap for so many years I can't recall. The lavender is very soothing, but not to strong. The ingredients are natural and friendly to both my family and the environment. I have converted quite a few friends to this product, even the doubters. We had tried everything that came along and still ended up standing in front of the selections at the store dumbfounded and overwhelmed by pungent artificial scents. So, unless you are doing laundry for a bunch of mechanics, this laundry soap is a great choice. Where I now live it isn't available in the stores, but I won't let that stop me. Thank God for Amazon. The prices are great here, when on a recent trip, I compared them to those in the grocery store and there was about a $1 difference.I love this detergent I really really do. I absolutely love the smell. It is not overpowering, it’s just right. The only issue is that I paid nine dollars for a 50 FL OZ as opposed to the larger amounts that are sold for 10 dollars at the grocery store. So I was a little disappointed I paid so much for such a little amount of ditergent.It's a little pricey, but I love the way my laundry smells now. I was a little worried about cleaning power, but I haven't noticed that it's any better it worse than "traditional" soap. I'm not an expert on green living or ethical ingredients so can't speak to that.I just live this brand all of their products works and smells great and I love that they are all plant based.Works well and doesn’t cause skin allergy in allergic family member.all natural and no harmFirst time purchasing, and would purchase again. Seems to clean well and I like the scent, not too strong..I have sensitive skin and this product is perfect for anyone looking for a natural way to clean their clothes and have a fragrant scent that soothes. Highly recommend.I love the scent and the gentleness on my body. I had used unscented detergent for years. I used to use lavender scented conventional detergent, but about 10 or 12 years ago it seems like they amped up all of the scents so they were just too strong. I use half conventional unscented liquid and half seventh generation lavender simply to save a little $ since the unscented is cheaper. It doesn’t irritate my eyes and make me walk around in a strong force-field of scent like many detergents. I love it!I love that this is plant based and that it’s a healthier option. It smells really good, but the smell won’t stay on your clothes like a chemical based detergent would so keep that in mind when ordering. Overall, it’s a great product that is safer. Recommend.This was my first time using Seventh Generations laundry Detergent. I bought it to wash all the newborn clothes we had before our daughter was born, and now since have used it to hand wash in our sink at home. We go through a lot of baby clothes a day, with spit ups and diaper spills. The detergent is very mild on my hands, and is very effective in cleaning the clothes and removing light stains. I’ve observed that the clothes are holding up well to being washed so often and I think that that has to do with the detergent as well as the clothes themselves. The detergent doesn’t seem to bother my newborn at all. I’m very much liking this detergent and want to keep purchasing it.Literally my favorite detergent ever.I loved the smell and how good it cleaned my clothesI really like the lavender smell, except a little bit pricey everything is perfect.Blue eucalyptus and lavender - what's not to love? Naturally cleans with a mild fragrance and is gentle enough for fine (washable) fabrics, too. I have used 7th Generation brand products for years to clean in a healthy, green and non toxic way. They have a whole line of products from dish detergent to everything else. I also prefer a light scent when cleaning. Most essential oils add specific benefits and their nice smell naturally; blue eucalyptus adds a freshness to laundry while lavender is calming to most. Almost all essential oils have antibacterial or cleaning properties. Good for the environment, good for you and great on clothes! Try their blue eucalyptus and lavender fabric softener for linens, pillows and towels. Keeps them fresh smelling and fluffy soft.So we all want to do right for our environment so I thought I would try this out and here are my thoughts—-yes I miss my suds because I was taught that suds mean clean but evidently that is not true. It’s a difficult thing for me to accept but I’m getting there. I will say I love the smell of this detergent and it did work well...it’s more me just having to
Accept that something good for
The environment can also be good for my family in the sense that it works just as well.After my last dish soap ran out I wanted to try something more natural. I remember seeing this brand I the store before and wanted to try it. I don't like using some of the more popular dish soap brands because some of them make my hands red and itchy. So I avoid using them.
This soap gives me no problems at all.
I like the scent as well it's a nice fresh scent . One of the reasons I chose it is because the lavender scent. I enjoy having a great smelling place so I buy scented cleaning supplies I feel smell pretty natural and fresh.
I definitely recommend this product and will purchase it again once it's finished. =^_^=I like the smell but when I poured detergent directly on small stain. It made a huge stain like a blackish gray on my white cotton fabric. I washed a second and third time but it's ruined.I loved the smell of this laundry detergent. Not overwhelming, just subtle. My local grocery store sells this brand but it’s expensive compared to Amazon’s price.Really wish this left my laundry smelling better. Even with the same fabric softener, it doesn't leave clothes smelling fresh. It seems to work well in the actual cleaning process though. Disappointed because I love the brand and that they sell products that are better for the environment. I will continue to support their other products.I've been buying this laundry soap for so many years I can't recall. The lavender is very soothing, but not to strong. The ingredients are natural and friendly to both my family and the environment. I have converted quite a few friends to this product, even the doubters. We had tried everything that came along and still ended up standing in front of the selections at the store dumbfounded and overwhelmed by pungent artificial scents. So, unless you are doing laundry for a bunch of mechanics, this laundry soap is a great choice. Where I now live it isn't available in the stores, but I won't let that stop me. Thank God for Amazon. The prices are great here, when on a recent trip, I compared them to those in the grocery store and there was about a $1 difference.I love this detergent I really really do. I absolutely love the smell. It is not overpowering, it’s just right. The only issue is that I paid nine dollars for a 50 FL OZ as opposed to the larger amounts that are sold for 10 dollars at the grocery store. So I was a little disappointed I paid so much for such a little amount of ditergent.It's a little pricey, but I love the way my laundry smells now. I was a little worried about cleaning power, but I haven't noticed that it's any better it worse than "traditional" soap. I'm not an expert on green living or ethical ingredients so can't speak to that.I just live this brand all of their products works and smells great and I love that they are all plant based.Works well and doesn’t cause skin allergy in allergic family member.all natural and no harmFirst time purchasing, and would purchase again. Seems to clean well and I like the scent, not too strong..Great product, light weight , scent free and works like a dream.More like meh hold. TRESemme Tres Mousse is a much better product. Would not buy this again, nor recommend.Does not hold very goodGreat product, light weight , scent free and works like a dream.More like meh hold. TRESemme Tres Mousse is a much better product. Would not buy this again, nor recommend.Does not hold very goodI clean for a living, so I’m always looking for faster and better ways to get my job done. I get paid by the job, not by the hour, so faster is better.
I was recently hired to clean a one bedThis is a great multi-purpose cleaner! Doesn't cut grease as well as I was hoping, as it claims it does. I would buy this again, and am happy with it, as it is a great quick clean-up option instead of harsh chemicals! We bought the lavender scent and I'm wanting to try another scent for the next purchase, but the lavender is a nice mild scent! -andreaProduct works great, and works decently well for grease as well, it could do better on some grease areas example: even after letting sit on harsher grease areas in my kitchen I still had to respect multiple times, but cleaned up easier grease areas perfectly!We have purchased this product multiple times for our office. We like the way it cleans, the scent , and the value for the money for a plant based optionLove it on stains on stoves and good for tubs.This is my new go-to cleaner for the stove top.I’m not a lavender fragrance person but this smell is quite pleasant. Also works great and as expected.Smells great & cleans well also.nice productLove this stuff. Use it all the time to keep up with the kitchen counters, grease around the cooktop, and so much more. Easy to use. Good spray pump.
My wife lives in her Semi-Truck all week. She likes how well it works for quick wipe downs to keep things clean and fresh.Works greatMethod lavender is the best cleaner I have ever used (and I just LOVE cleaning). It takes off stains and mostly importantly, grease! You know how there are some parts of your house that have this sticky greasy dirt I own a cleaning company and I only use Method cleaner for counter tops.There is no point in not buying this because I can’t bear the whining and sniffling I will get if they run out.AwesomeThe smell is great and long lasting scent. By the spray being eco friendly, I didn’t think it would be strong but, it was. It work hard on soap stuff and food stains on the table. Also work in in the fridge stains.Better than a lot of the harsh chemical cleaners out there. Doesn't burn your eyes or nostrils and still removes grease.The produ t has a good smell and works well as it cleans.Love the fragrance and the product, cleans wellEasy install and pattern adjustment. Hope it lasts more than a couple years.Works really wellOur house has a well with very hard water. This is the only sprinkler that doesn't seize up from lime scale after 3 months. Costs a lot but saves money for me in the long run.Good sprinkler! It seems like most of the water ends up at the far point of the spray, and not much closer towards the sprinkler. I recommend using a power drill to adjust the sprinkler, especially if your hands are wet. Sometimes the adjustment screw sticks and is difficult to turn, but a drill makes is very easy.

Note: This has a FEMALE connection on the bottom. I bought it to go on top of the "Orbit 58197N 1Works great. No issues with this product. Added it to sprinkler system to water and odd shape area.We've used these sprinklers for many years. They are robust. They are easily adjustable as to range and angle. Just follow the adjustment instructions. We highly recommend this product.Seems like a good quality sprinkler head for yard watering. Stays exposed so it mounts to a rigid piece of PVC pipe.These work great. They don't pop up so they're for areas where a pop-up is unnecessary.Cost a little less than from a big box store and seems to be working great. I like the Orbit brand because they are easy to adjust and don't require special tools.Great productEasy to install, good price.adjustabilityWas the only tall commercial product I could find. Install and forget.My husband loves these sprinklers. Replaced all the other ones we had with these.I have bought several of these. They are very easy to adjust, no fancy tools needed. They are adjustable to a short or long spray distance. And, the spray can also be adjusted to wide and narrow. Highly recommendPerfect watering toolPiece of garbage. Hard to use and then it broke after a week.Easy to install and adjust the spray exactly where I wanted it.SIMPLE TO OPERATEExcellent product works very well in my yard.The best solution for tummy upset andThis is an excellent product with great flavor and it really works.For its intended purpose. It meets my needs. It has since I was a child and still is my go to today at 62Purchased the 12 ounce bottle and received 16 ounce one which had been labeled as 12 ounces.I have used this product for many years and would not be without it. It has a pleasant taste and can be taken repetitively until symptoms resolve. A major advantage is that it helps correct diarrhea along with nausea and stomach ache.
I have substituted the generic
Bismol products at times but like I don’t find these as effective.GoodGreatI once went to a restaurant I won't name in Miami, Fl. It is very famous and it is a franchise. I ate their food, which included bread with different fillings and had some tinto de verano, just one glass. Immediately after I left the restaurant, I started throwing up non-stop and this Pepto Bismol brought me back to life and made me feel better.My go to when nothing else helps!!Ok. So funny is I post review of product same. Convinced I did this. See chance for new review. I feel same as before. Stomach pain wake night. Find pink, drink. Stand in place eight minute or something. Kneel for three minute. Stand now for twenty. Better if one leg elevate. When ding is up, lay down. If lucky wake up wet in night. I have brother say lucky when dream of water or something. Pink drink make so sleep come freely. Hope you dream for luck. Good lucky and youBought this for acid reflux to stand in place of Tums believing that because it is liquid, it would work faster (The Tums are fine by the way, just takes about 30 minutes).

This did not work at all when following recommended dosage. I literally had to drink it like I would a bottle of juice in order for it to begin to calm the acid in my chest.

It was a waste of my time and money.Didn’t expect large bottle, was grateful for that, thank youDoes what is says, decent price. Overall 5 stars.For me this is the best for indigestion or any stomach issues....GoodI bought this bProvides immediate relief. I've been using this for years. I may not relish the taste, but the benefits never fail me.This is my go-to medicine whenever I'm feeling nauseated. It's the only thing that works for me right now, so I'm sure that I'll continue to use it. The taste is okay too. =)Works within 15 - 20 minutes every time. For any and all symptoms listed. It also comes in cherry. I love cherry. But I think the flavor needs work. I just go with the original.These really do trap the dust. They are easy to get into small spaces. Really, really work well. They last thru multiple dustings.Picks up dust and holds onto it.Easy to use & just toss away when done. Gets in all the nooks & crannies . Love it !Love these! They pick up the dust and leave everything nice and shiny!!Good productGood value, great product for anyone with lung issues. You don't get nearly the dust rise.These refills are easy to slip on the handle, pick up dust well, and make it clear when they need replacing. They're also flexible enough to reach into cracks and other hards places.great productliving in a rural area - I like this type of service and the product is great it helps when you have to drive 60 miles to the store one wayGreat buy.Good for the garbageThese are truly dust magnets, they work!These are efficiently and can use one duster multiple times esp' if you vac duster in-between uses.Will definitely buy again soon.These are wonderful. they do the job.need itGreat against Oklahoma dust!GoodAs expected!Great!okThese really do trap the dust. They are easy to get into small spaces. Really, really work well. They last thru multiple dustings.Picks up dust and holds onto it.Easy to use & just toss away when done. Gets in all the nooks & crannies . Love it !Love these! They pick up the dust and leave everything nice and shiny!!Good productGood value, great product for anyone with lung issues. You don't get nearly the dust rise.These refills are easy to slip on the handle, pick up dust well, and make it clear when they need replacing. They're also flexible enough to reach into cracks and other hards places.great productliving in a rural area - I like this type of service and the product is great it helps when you have to drive 60 miles to the store one wayGreat buy.Good for the garbageThese are truly dust magnets, they work!These are efficiently and can use one duster multiple times esp' if you vac duster in-between uses.Will definitely buy again soon.These are wonderful. they do the job.need itGreat against Oklahoma dust!GoodAs expected!Great!okMy husband has been using this for years, and it is the only one he wants. He has had skin reactions to some other deodorants and this one does not bother his skin.top ratingI'm not into the fancy smelling deodorant, I'm more of a "does it work" type of guy. This deodorant works and smells great. Good value for a good product.This is my husbands absolute favorite deodorant. We cannot find it in stores anymore but we are so glad that we are able to get it on AmazonGood product, hard to find in stores where I live.Good valueI'm a bit of a newcomer to this product but have used gel-type anti-perspirants for several years now. As many others have realized, it's awesome not having the white flaky residue and ruined clothing that I used to get from using the white-solid anti-perspirants.

FRAGRANCE - 3.8The price is Too high! This deodorant used to be $3 a tube and now it averages $5-$6 which I think is ridiculous.The product is good, like many other positive reviewers said. The smell is very strong, it could overshadow your other deodorant. It takes a over 5 minutes to dry up unless you blow air on it. It is all depend on your preference.
The only bad thing is the seller, who like many other reviewers said send missing items. It said 6 and I paid for 6 but ended up receiving only 3 items. I had to go through all the hassle of customer service, etc. The customer service is nice, but I wish I don't have to deal with this seller again.
Hate to write nasty reviews but seller carelessness causes time wasted and trust issue.Product is advertise as 6 individual deodorant per order. I only received 3 like many others.Play Video
 Love this product the only deodorant I use but when I order a six pack of deodorant I expect six cartridges not just oneIf you are used to gel deodorant, then this may be what you are looking for. I like the brand but did not realize it was the gel version. I tried to return the unopened product to Amazon but they said it was not eligible.I been using this deodorant for years and it’s the only one that has truly helped me as a woman I didn’t want to use this since it’s for men but one day my boyfriend asked me if I was wearing deodorant when I was I felt so embarrassed so he gave me one of these and omg I haven’t had a bad smell ever since then they discontinued them at the store we always got them so then we found them on Amazon!! Truly greatful and highly recommend this product it doesn’t matter ir ur a woman it truly does the jobAll I can say is thank you. I have a very hard time finding this deodorant for my husband. He likes it, I like the scent so it's a win win.Good stuffGreat valueThe order was the right product, I ordered 6 but I only received 3.I gave only 2 stars because I only received 3 instead of 6 like I was supposed to get. The product itself is great, but whoever packaged it only put half of the items in.Smells fresh. Good antiperspirant and deodorant.This is the only deodorant that really works for.my husband and cannot find in local stores anymore.Great product. Good fit. Soft. Does not rub raw. Best yet. Snaps rustI like that there's 5 snaps for a good fit cant wait to test it outBought this for my boyfriend’s birthday, he’s used it a few times and the snaps are now rusty.Thirty years ago they had much better rings; half of the snaps never work.Wish it had more snaps on the male part of the buttons to hold down any excess length. This would improve look, comfort, and not get in the way while utilizingWorks great. Looks great.The "top" of the ring has five snaps but the "bottom" has only two. Unless your junk is four inches wide the end of the top will flap untethered. Doesn't work at all for me. Well made though.Great product. Good fit. Soft. Does not rub raw. Best yet. Snaps rustI like that there's 5 snaps for a good fit cant wait to test it outBought this for my boyfriend’s birthday, he’s used it a few times and the snaps are now rusty.Thirty years ago they had much better rings; half of the snaps never work.Wish it had more snaps on the male part of the buttons to hold down any excess length. This would improve look, comfort, and not get in the way while utilizingWorks great. Looks great.The "top" of the ring has five snaps but the "bottom" has only two. Unless your junk is four inches wide the end of the top will flap untethered. Doesn't work at all for me. Well made though.Easy to assemble, not huge and cumbersome, plenty of storage. 100% recommendI was excited for this to arrive and I’m really disappointed in it. Both side panels were damaged, the drawers are misaligned, scratches all over (not the distressing which is fine, just generally scratched up) and a gigantic permanent label on the side that can’t be hidden if you want that panel to be usable. The shipping box was fine so I guess it shipped broken.

I can’t comment on ease of assembly because I didn’t get that far. If it was better quality I’d see if it could be repaired but I’ll be returning. Amazon doesn’t offer product support and directs you to contact the manufacturer, and I would rather just return it than deal with a furniture store’s customer service process.

I gave it two stars because it does look like the photos and it would be pretty if it weren’t damaged, but I wouldn’t recommend this product and definitely don’t think it’s “sturdy” or “giftable” which Amazon asks for a rating on.Loved this. Still have itVery sturdy and solid. My husband put it together with no problems and it is perfectly suited to the purpose. The drawers and hinges all work smoothly and I am delighted that the shipping was free, as it was quite a heavy package. Definitely glad I took the chance on furniture from Amazon, which I’ve been very hesitant to purchase in the past, due to the potential complications with returns. There were no issues here and I’m very happy with the purchase.I love this. It wasn't hard. My husband put it together and I really like the side compartments for necklaces. More space than I can use. My husband even commented on how good it looks.

I think the color and quality is very good. Yes there was a couple of spots where red showed throw the black, like a distressed look but I liked it.Great product for the price. Doesn’t look cheap. Was very easy to assemble, took me less than twenty minutes. My only dislike was that they placed a large sticker directly in the side of the chest, which took me longer to remove and wash off. Nicely made. Made the perfect gift.This was easy to put together, all you need is a screwdriver. Took about 20 minutes total. Once assembled, There was a slight wobble and it was apparent that it would be easily tipped over. However, it came with a wall anchor and anti-tip strap to prevent this. The jewelry stand needs to sit an inch or so off the wall in order to fully open the necklace cubbies (located on each side). There is a mirror installed on the lid, and the first two drawers have compartments built in for sorting.These is very pretty. Very easy to assemble and doesn’t look cheap at all. I am very impressed with it.I had always wanted a jewelry armoire, but didn't want to spend a ton of $$ for one. The reviews for this product were 50I was very impressed with the quality and the build of this item. The price was good it showed up and basically you just had to put the legs on and the top piece so it was four screws at the bottom with the washers etc. and three screws for the top piece and it was done there’s also one screw if you want to attach it to the wall but who really ever does that? I believe it’s solid wood it doesn’t feel like any kind of particle or anything like that and it’s very very nice. I’ve seen similar items in stores smelling musty and nasty this one arrived smelling wonderful.A little misleading. I was expecting it to be a bit taller, but apparently the dimensions include the top panel flipped up. I was using this for candles and such, more than jewelry, so kind of a bust. Beautiful and sturdy, just not what I was expecting. Also, the drawer dividers don't come out.The Powell Ebony Jewelry Armoire is exactly as advertised. The assembly was extremely easy and only required the use of a Phillips screw driver to attach the four legs of the Armoire. The Armoire is sturdy, made of good quality wood and adds nicely to a room as a piece of furniture. The Armoire has the ability to attach to the wall so that is does not tip or fall forward. I have not found a need to use this feature as the Armoire stands alone effectively without being anchored to the wall. The Armoire has four drawers with plenty of sectioned off, divided space to place earrings or bracelets that you can separate by gold, silver or costume and also has two large, deep drawers that will hold a combination of jewelry types. I was able to hang large bulky necklaces in the side doors and still be able to close the side doors completely. The mirror is also a nice added feature. The Powell Ebony Jewelry Armoire gets an A+.This armoire is well built and has plenty of space for my wife's jewelry. It would be a 5 star, but the lid has a red line all the way around the edge. Can't see it unless you are looking for it because it is a dark red line on a black surface, so it isn't worth returning it for that reason, but a disappointment just the same.The product seems nice so far, but I was disappointed there were not assembly instructions included. Going to Powell's website, I found the product online but no instructions. I think I figured it out and assembled it correctly, but not having instructions or even an owner's manual was odd. Otherwise it looks very nice, it seems sturdy, and it fit all my jewelry with room to spare.This is a fabulous Jewelry Armoire. If your countertop jewelry box is overflowing, then this Armoire might just be what the doctor ordered.

PICS

I have posted quite a few pics... as they say, a picture is worth a thousand words.

THE CAVEATS

1. There are no individual length-wise compartments for bracelets.

2. There are no individual small-size boxed compartments for earrings.

SUMMARY

Other than the two caveats, I love this jewelry armoire. Easy to put together... took all of 10-minutes. You will need only a Phillips-head screwdriver for the Legs and the Mirrored Lid. And that's it.

Oh, and you'll probably want to use a Lint-Brush as there will probably be dust from the manufacturing processThe overall product is nice. No issues with the product other than a couple of the parts that I will be contacting the company about to see if they will resolve them. Afterall, they do provide a six month warranty.This was easy for me to put together, only took about a half hour. It is very sturdy and looks very nice in my room. Holds a decent amount of jewelry. No missing pieces or scratches. Overall very happy with the quality and the price!Love the functionality and overall look but it came with these ugly red “distressed” marks. Seems like in other reviews not everyone’s had the red lines. I plan on taking a black wood marker to cover them up. But it looks like a mistake instead of a design feature.Lots of red lines which I found odd. Drawers stick.Love the look, not very sturdy but I was willing to get past that, this morning after one day of use one of the doors fell off. Now trying to connect with someone to discuss this is a pain. Something to be said about good old customer service!Smells great and hold well, my favorite go to!I like this product. Does give a volume lift to your hair.I did not realize when ordering that I ordered the number four for holding strength. I will go with number two for a softer hold next time.This is the best hold wI've spent way too much money on expensive hairsprays and it is nice to find a reasonably priced product. I found this in my elderly mother's bathroom when I was visiting and spritzed it on as a touch up. I was so pleasantly surprised with the results that I came here to Amazon to buy my own. Now that I've used it a few times, I'm still happy with the hairspray. I have very fine hair, and this hairspray doesn't gum it up. It does go on sticky at first, but if you are patient and don't touch your hair for a bit after using, it dries up nicely and the stickiness goes away. It's light enough that it doesn't gum up my very fine hair, however here is enough hold to tame fly away strands and doesn't cause my hair to frizz up as some hairsprays have done. It doesn't add any shine to my hair nor does it make it look dull. It allow my hair to look natural and doesn't cause that hardened hairspray use. It also helps to keep the volume in my hair after blowing it dry, although since my hair is so fine there is always some flattening as the day goes on no matter what products I use. I prefer unscented hairsprays, which is why I only gave this product 4 stars. The scent isn't overpowering through and is light and fairly pleasant, I would just prefer to not have any scent at all.Yes, the hold is great, but the scent is AWESOME! It’s the only hairspray I’ll use. It does not have that classic alcohol type smell at all. I don’t need too much (thanks to the great hold) so combined with the mild citrus smell, it’s hard to tell I even have it on. Highly recommend.i got these for my sister 9 of them she had a hard time finding them in stores she has very thin hair and said these are great in helping give her hair a fuller look.Great qualityI absolutely LOVE this mousse. I have been using Herbal Essences Body Envy mousse for several years now, and I always tried to buy an extra bottle or two every time I was at the store, so that I wouldn't run out. Then for about a month my local Walmart was sold out every time I went in! I tried some of the other Herbal Essences products, but they didn't work as well. I broke down and bought this 12 pack from Amazon and I couldn't be happier. I think I will be buying in bulk from them from now on!

My hair will dry straight, but with some scrunching and encouragement and a healthy dose of this mousse, it will get kinky-curly and stay that way all day. I scrunch it into wet hair in the morning and then just go! Sometimes I put more in as my hair is drying but still damp, a few hours after I have been at work. If my hair has gone a little flat the second round of mousse will perk it up. It washes out easily the next morning, and does not leave residue behind. And did I mention that it has a nice scent? I get a lot of compliments on how good it smells.

Five star product all the way!I go through this stuff like crazy this was a great value compared to buying a few at the store at a atiem should last a monthWhen I read the reviews before buying this I noticed that most loved it, but a few reported how sticky it was. The first day I used it, I sprayed on the amount I usually do, and my hair felt like cement. It wasn't soft or touchable at all. I was not happy and felt a one star review coming on. I decided to try it another day and this time I held the can further away, and sprayed just one or two sprays here and there. That's how to get the softer, more natural hold everyone was raving about. It's now my new favorite. Also, this can is enormous! I am sure I'll have it for a very long time.I really like that there is no sticky residue. It is an easy to use productbeen looking for a moose that works with my hair and I'm happy to say. I found itThis works great for the price and I love the smell. If you use velcro curlers...it's one of the best I have found. It dries really quickly and doesn't take the volume out of your hair. Only con was the lid was broken when it arrived, but unless you are traveling with it...do you really need it? And who is traveling with a can this big?Love herbal essence products. I use the mousse and hairspray to style my curly hair. It works really well with my hair style and love the scent. I also the love the price and buying in bulk.This has been my go to mousse for years and recently has become hard to find. So glad amazon has it here and at a great price! Gives great volume without leaving my fine hair limp and sticky.I absolutely love this product. I have uncontrollable thick curly hair. If I didn't use this it would be a disaster. I have tried many things in the past, but am sticking with this one. Buying it in bulk online is the only way to go when you use as much as I do. Typically it costs about double to buy it single container at a retail store.If you like that tousled look this product helps you achieve it.Good dealA lot goes a long way ... I have to remember to keep it very far away when spraying or else there's too much and it gets a bit stiff. It is definitely a giant bottle and will last me a while. Overall, it is a good hairspray, esp for the priceBald here so i use this on on my head and so far it is the best cleaner i have found.Best facewash i had used.In short: This specific face-wash (Neutrogena Oil-free) was recommended by my dermatologist and I have used this face wash (some times alternating with Aveeno) since 2013. This is NOT for make-up remover; this is a gentle cleanse.

If used heavily, without basic skin care (moisturizing, sunscreen), and with other salicylic and glycolic acid based products -- the face wash can be drying.
Depending on how much acne is pending (i.e. waiting to happen due to build-up, hormones, stress, etc) - overuse of this face wash can cause breakouts - just like using retinol or hyaluronic acid, initially there's adjustment and breakouts.

A pea size amount is perfect, if needed I'll do a double take. This is NOT moisturizing so if you have dry skin, use a smaller amount (just a dab and maybe lather in your hands first before scrubbingWe usually buy this, and I haven’t been able to find it for my son in the stores around us lately. I ordered it on Amazon, but the price was not as low as I usually find it in my local stores. It’s a good product, hopefully it’s back in our store soon.My wife and I have been using this product for more years than I can count, and it works great. It’s not overly drying, and it helps control oil and acne just as you would expect it to. Highly recommended.After I went through menopause, I was getting these bright red oil filled acne spots, on the ball of my nose in various places. Ugh - what a horrible focal point, on top of increased wrinkles! I tried a strong ointment prescribed by the dermatologist, metronidazole gel, and it helped. But if I skipped a day of the ointment, another ugly oil filled red pimple would form. I started using this over a year ago, and it has resolved the problem - no more oil filled ugly red nose pimples! Thank you for a great product!WorksMy teens use it everyday and it cleanse the face very well.
Good quality. If dries the face and prevent acne from coming back.It worked best for my dry acne prone skinBe careful, this product contains salicylic acid, so apply to the base of the ear before use to check if you are allergic to the product.
Remember to use moisturizing cream after use.
Not recommended to use every morning and night.These are his favorite. Great deal for people. Even compared to Walmart, seriously. I use it every once in while. Hehehe. I have sjogens and I have omg sensitive skin. Thanks, I didn't think a picture was necessary.Deja la piel súper limpia y fresca. Excelente para piel mixta a grasa. En mi caso evita la aparición de acné. Si duro mucho sin usarlo me sale acné. Es recomendable siempre usar un hidratante después de lavarla para evitar resequedad.Good value and skin looks and feels good.It's the 2nd purchase. Good for acne and normal skin as well.Producto espectacular para piel con acné, reduce notablemente el acnéGreat for acne. Gave it 4 stars for the moisturizing property because this is a salicylic acid product so it’s not known for moisture. Helps to resolve active acne areas.These soaps work fine. They seem to prevent any outbreak of acne and I have no problems with my very sensitive skin.It’s soap.In order to take good care of your facial skin, the standard advice is to cleanse, exfoliate, tone, and moisturize, in that order. I tend to skip exfoliation because I find it doesn't do me much good. For cleansing it's important that you find a cleanser that is effective enough to remove the excess oil and any other dirt from your skin, but not so aggressive as to irritate the skin. Neutrogena has a good reputation for making effective but gentle skin products and this is no exception. Then, there is salicylic acid. This is a somewhat effective medication for treating hyperactive sebaceous glands, which produce the sebum that can clog the pores, ultimately leading to acne. It's not strong enough to work for all cases of acne, but it's fairly mild as far as these things go, so if it's strong enough for your particular case of acne, it's a good one to go with. It didn't used to cut it for me when my acne was worse, but as I've gotten older my acne has become milder, and it turns out that by using this cleanser every day while showering, I am pretty much able to constrain my acne to a very occasional lonely zit. The occasional zits are small and disappear quickly without becoming big, infected, or painful. The cleanser is an excellent vehicle for delivering this medication to the skin. Neutrogena and its competing brand, Clean & Clear, also make toners and moisturizers that contain the same ingredient. It generally doesn't hurt to use those as well; a little extra salicylic acid from using multiple products that contain it does not seem to become too much very soon. (You'll notice if it becomes too much because it will dry out the skin too much.) I have been purchasing this product and various store-brand knock offs of this product for many years, and it has served me well. These days, because I know I use it anyway, I tend to just order it on Amazon, and get a few at a time. It's actually usually cheaper, and easier to remember.Does exactly what it states on the bottle. It takes a few weeks to begin working so don't discontinue using if you don't see results immediately. It also might make your acne worse at first before it begins working.I swear by Seventh Generation products, and especially their pads. In fact, it was their pads that made me love their company so much! They are absorbent and comfortable, but the best part about them is that they don't have all of the disgusting chemicals that 99% of pads have. I have very sensitive skin and used to experience a great deal of irritation from the pads I wore as a kid before I learned about what they actually contained. These Seventh Generation pads, on the other hand, give me no irritation whatsoever! They have no chlorine, no dyes, no fragrances (something many of us, myself included, are allergic to)--they're just what you'd want out of a pad! I have been using these for years and years and have never had any complaints about them whatsoever. Seventh Generation's pads come in several sizes, so whatever your needs, you should be able to find what you're looking for! I trust Seventh Generation so much for my sensitive region that I plan on using their diapers when my child arrives, too, because I know they'll be absorbent and safe.Michael's wife here... i absolutely love this product. i have always used stay free ultra thin with wings, but seeing how i am now vegan and trying to be eco friendly, i am slowing replacing my items as they run out. i have wanted to try this product for some time but have had a stock pile of stay free pads. now that the stock pile has run out, i am able to try and purchase these. i was a little nervous seeing how this would be a new product for me and some of the reviews were saying they were too thin almost like pantyliner. well they are thin like a pantyliner but they work great. I was a little nervous but no accidents and they feel great, i couldn't even tell i had a pad on. it was great. wish i had tried these sooner. i would recommend to anyone who is trying to rid chemicals from their bodies or their child.I have been an Always users my entire life-- I like the thin pads with the wings especially at night. I was so upset when I found out that Always used pesticides in their cotton, but I knew I had to change products. When I found these I was hopeful that they would be comfortable and as absorbent as my typical brand. These really impressed me! They have a good adhesive so they don't slip even with a lot of activity. The cotton is comfortable and holds in the moisture well. I was worried because I used to use the kind that has the protective mesh to keep the moisture away from your skin, but this worked just as well. They come individually wrapped which I appreciate as well. I will definitely use these again. I'm very happy and I would recommend them to anyone who is looking to use a pad for a light to moderate flow. I can't say that I would or would not recommend them for a heavy flow because I didn't use them for that particular function.UPDATED 2020
I ran out of the supply I purchased in 2011. The new batch with the light blue wrapper are much less substantial and absorbent. The fabric cover becomes detached from the layers below. They don't trap wetness anymore, my pubes are soaked, and I feel like I'm sitting in a puddle. Sorry to be gross, but I'm so disappointed. I have to change these way more often than before.

FROM 2011
I never understand why people still buy those bulky puff-pads like my mom first offered me. Those are awful and messy and uncomfortable. Like a charm, these thin little guys wick your mess to the edges, and with the wings, they stay flat and in place the whole time. Some other eco-sensitive pads practically decompose while you wear them, but these hold up like a boss. I typically use 1-3 max per day. I like how they designed the adhesive so you first position the pad, and then you expose the wing adhesive and secure those in place. Very thin, very tidy.I really like these. They are thin enough that you don't feel like its obvious that its on but yet you are protected. I like that this is a 6 pk as it allows me to bulk buy for my period and then safe money that way. I have not had a leak problem even on my heaviest days. I do wish they were slightly longer as they'd cover more but most of the time its not an issue.These are super short in length. I thought I had bought the long ones. Other than that these are the best pads!I will try to avoid TMI, although that may be hard to do in a review of pads.
I had lots of problems with regular chemical laden pads, and after random swellings, infections, and dryness caused by them decided to look for a more natural solution (that is disposable, and doesn't involve me washing them.)
Enter Seventh Generation Pads.
No more problems, no leaks. I am happy.
I will mention that there is no scent for these, and due to the natural material used may need to be changed more frequently to avoid odor.
Other than that which I have not found inconvenient, this is a 5 star solution to your female problems.These pads work very well. My initial impression was that they were kind of papery and "clinical" feeling, but once I used one I felt differently. I would describe them as cloth-like in texture. I have no issues with adhesion in cotton underwear. They are very comfortable (can't even tell I'm wearing a pad) and absorb well. I can't see myself ever going back to the Always brand, which often would irritate my skin after a few hours. These Seventh Generation pads are a great product.Great simple pads with wings. Holds a lot and I can wear one for hours on a heavy flow. I've been buying this for a long time from Amazon. I'm not sure about the price compared to other retailers. Anyways, I keep buying these and the liners from Amazon. I love knowing that my area is safe with scent free, and natural cotton!works well & sticks well to cotton undies but not so much to lace. absorbs well without making me burn or itch. they are small so use them on light days or the beginning or end.It is hard to find a pad without a bunch of irritating chemicals. I love this brand because they are free and clear of chlorine and all cotton. They don't wick as well as the plastic ones, but that is okay with me. My primary issue is that, yes, the pads come in different sizes- but the regular size seems like it would only provide enough coverage for a child.These are great and feel cleaner than always or kotex. They breathe and seem to wick away moisture from your body. Some ladies have said they dont absorb a lot, and I think thats wrong if you're wearing the correct absorbancy. I wear these as backup and they are amazing. I love that the wings are long enough to touch making it stay in place until its changed, this is drasticly different than the tiny wings on other products. Fantastic and will continue to use them!The most fantastic thing about these is you don't feel 'wet' like Always and such pads make you feel, especially when it is a hot sweaty day. I HATE THAT FEEL! But the price if you break it down is terrible. I would say they are only for the rich. They truly feel like nothing is there but regular underwear. I'd say these were made by women for women and the others by men.Pros
- Reasonable price
- "Free of fragrances and dyes and whitened without chemicals containing chlorine". This is beneficial to me as I seem to have less itching, sensitivity compared to regular pads!
Cons
- These particular pads are too short for me at night time when sleeping horizontally seems to cause more leakage. There may be another larger size I'm not aware ofVery good standard natural disposable pad. Comfortable, soft, non-allergenI bought some pads from the store that were 7th Gen and I thought there were them, however, they are super thin and I wanted thicker ones. I feel like I have to change them every other hour during the heavy part of my period. And unfortunately I feel like a have a million of these that I have to use because I don't want to throw them away nor deal with hassle of returning them. So if you are looking for the thin versions of pads these will be great. The sticky part of the wings also doesn't hold them in place at all.This product is being reviewed by my wife.

" I was tired of using the regular pads as they were causing a lot of irritation, friction and resulting soreness to the skin. The feel of plastic was a lot more irritating. Used this product and it does not even feel like I am using a pad. Soft, thin and super absorbent" definitely recommend to those who have hard time using regular pads like always.I decided to try this product after reading the Environmental Working Group's warning about the hazards of the plastics and fragrances associated with many other feminine products. In my opinion, these work BETTER than the Always Ultra Thin Pads with Wings that I used for over 10 years. These pads absorb better and are more comfortable. THANK YOU for an excellent alternative, Seventh Generation!Excellent product in all respects. Thank you! Do NOT give my password to anyone else.!! MMQH.
OR reveal my name to Anyone again or we are through!! I do NOT appreciate this!! MMQHNo itchyGreat save when I can't get it at the store.This is my favorite deodorant, and I'm so glad I could find it. It's a great scent, not too strong, but works well. It lasts a long time, and keeps the moisture down too.I have had this bundle for over 2 years, my god this was the best purchase I made for my aarm pits, expect a 12 hr stay for this, I wouldn’t say it holds for 24 hrs, it is Definitely bang for your buck because again I haven’t had to buy another pack deodorant for 24 months.

I swipe my arm pit twice and good to go, doesn’t leave marks on clothes which is very niceThe deodorant applies nicely to my
Delicate underarms
My odor is now extinguished
Replaced by the scent of gods
Bye nowWorks as expectedGoes on easy. Scent is good. Lasts easily all day with working in warehouse.I love this deodorant so I prefer to buy in bulk because I know I'm going to buy it it's actually cheaper to buy this one versus buying them individually it's great smelling and its long-lasting and it does its jobGreat price for a six pack!The title is not correct, i ordered this because it said a pack of six but only one arrived.It works for me and my underarmsGood DealMy 3-point shots involve waste-paper baskets . . .Great value delivers fast.ThanksIt seems to be a little more dry than what I get in the store but after a few uses it’s as soft as it should beSon normales,product itself is fine. However, the logistics of getting the product delivered led to its demise. The product was delivered on a warm southern California day of 73 degrees, and had melted by the time it arrived at my door.Works really well. For years, I have been using an expensive clinical strength because it was the only thing that really worked for me. Figured I would give this a try since it was a good deal and it works so well. And 6 of these were the same price as one of the others so that is awesome. The scent is really nice too, not overpowering like most men's deodorant. Great purchase.I love this cobweb duster. It is an upgrade to one I wore out. I love the telescoping handle my other duster didn't have. It is one of the best purchases I have made in a long while.Every 6 months I go around the inside of my house to make sure I don't have cobwebs streaming from lights to the corner of the room. Outside I use my duster every week.This is not some cheap you know it is well made to last. It looks nice but this thing gets the job done fast. I can dust areas that stuff gets tipped over but the fibers so thin and light it does not make much tip over. I wish the handle can extend but for what it is a 5 star product. So hard to find great products now and i do not accept stuff to review a certain way. Check my past reviews i am to honest... Pro Consumer here.I had a telescopic duster but after 15+ years of use the hairs started to become fragile. Luckily the pole had a sticker and l found the same manufacturer on Amazon. Bought this one as a replacement. It's great for cobwebs and l even used it on the exterior of my home and it cleaned the dust layer on the stucco. 5 stars!!Does the job. Gets all the dust.Packers don’t make enough money apparently. Now it’s my problem to break this down and get it recycled. Thanks a lot!If you want a fast and easy way to dust, this is my go to. I have been using static dusters for years to make cleaning a breeze. They really work to trap the dust which is evident when I take it out to shake it. I have found this duster lasts a long time before it breaks. Just so happens I got this great price when I finally needed to replace one ( I have two!!).Love that it gets the webs, however hard to get clean.Very nice and efficient to use. Stores easy and very sturdy product. RecommendI’ve had a cobweb “getter” for 30 some odd years & it has just now worn completely out, so I purchased this one. I love these things. I live in a rural area where spiders & their webs are plentiful. With this this, I can keep the porch free of webs. Sooooo worth it!!Fluff the dust out of your life with these. They will make everything more fabulous while you perform unpleasant domestic chores.I bought this because it looked just like the one I bought at Home Depot 4yrs ago.....I still have that one but wanted another one for cleaning the windows outside the house......I needed something with stiff bristles ...this is to soft....Living down here on the GA coast, we have tons of bugs & spiders that love to hang out under our eves. This new device, which I got to replace an old broom I’d been using for years, literally cut the time it takes to clean the bugs and webs out by at least 75%. Not kidding, it’s great.This duster is good for indoors but doesn’t work so well with outdoor webs. The brush got scrunched together and didn’t really last long. I would recommend it for indoors.Works great, better than a swifter. Doesn't fall off and easy to clean.Great value for the price! Not for heavy duty use though. That should have been obvious by the price, but some people just don't get it. Some people expect something amazing to do incredible things for almost no money. And how do you think people make any profit? For getting those cobwebs in the corners and up along the sides of my apartment building it worked great! Originally was buying one for my neighbor, but saw the price was so low and extended so long and how strong does it have to be for some cobwebs? So I got one for myself as well. Extends quite a bit. Not meant for heavy scrubbing at a distance. That's just silly, and people that leave negative reviews for giving this a hard workout extended to scrub at things, like it's for industrial use, need to get a brain. Very happy with my purchases.Great value. My two concerns are the handle is not the most comfortable to use if you are dusting for an extended period of time and the instructions are not very helpful for cleaning options of the duster. As a consumer using this product I recommend wearing safety eyewear and a mask, especially if outside and moving dusty items. My opinion two manageable issues.I purchased this specifically for clearing cobwebs in one corner of my home that is high up and hard to reach AND to clean out my shed... Oh my shed... When my wife and I first purchased our home, I swear our shed was the spider headquarters for our neighborhood... It was bad... I turned that shed into a water park with how much insect killer I sprayed... Once everything was dry, I went in with my handy dandy cobweb clearer and cleaned house! Well, cleaned shed... It worked like a charm! I can now walk into my shed without feeling like someone just put my moms old stretched out nylons over my face! Lifesaver!I'm not exactly a duster connoisseur, so maybe they're all like that, but this product doesn't seem useful at all. Maybe I'm supposed to spray it with something so the dust sticks to it? I thought these things had some static charge that naturally built up and attracted the dust.I’ve been using static dusters for years, even the Quickie brand. However, this thing is awful! It feels super cheap, and the bristles aren’t fluffy and soft. It feels more like cheap kids’ Pom-poms. What’s worst, is that even after a thorough cleaning with mild dish soap, this duster ATTRACTS GLOBS OF DUST THEN REPELS THEM BACK ONTO MY FURNITURE!! I’ve never experienced anything like this with a static duster. This thing is getting returned immediately.I've read some reviews on here about how this didn't do anything andI just moved to North Dakota where it is so extremely windy, cold, and dry and my hair is showing it dramatically. I have spent probably $150+ on deep conditioners, oils, masks, anything I could find to keep my hair from being so brittle and breaking, not just at the ends, but even half way up the strand. My boyfriend brought this home off of the clearance rack at Walmart and my hair has never been softer since I moved up here. I wash my hair between 1-2 times a week and I use about a palms worth of this each time. In a different climate, it would probably make my hair greasy, but it has been a life saver up here. I only gave it 4 stars because while this is the best my hair has looked while up here, it's certainly not the forever solution I'm looking for since my hair is still dry, just not nearly as dry as it was!I bought this product after reading raving reviews about it online, watching videos and everything from almost every beauty and hair care blog and website out there. They were all saying how perfect this is, because it smells good, because it's so simple and quick, and especially because it's so affordable.
That is why I immediately jumped and bought myself a pack of 4 instead of trying just one. Well, that was a bit of a rash decision; the product isn't bad. It really works very well with my hair and with all kinds of hair, it really costs a fraction of the price of most other masks and it's so simple and fast, it's amazing. The smell, however, is a bit of a problem for me.
I couldn't pinpoint the smell, it felt like it was changing, constantly.
In a nutshell, the scent reminded me of one of those bottles of perfume there are for younger girls who want to feel like adults. You know, the colorful bottles, smaller ones, made for tweens, early teens, those bottles that sit next to the glitter body lotions and stuff. Those things have a very strong sweet scent, and that's what this smells like.
It felt like I was rubbing candy in my hair, and I didn't like it at all. It's very very strong.

If you like sweet scents or if you don't mind, I really recommend this from the bottom of my heart.
If you're more sensitive to that type of thing, I would steer clear of this product.I can not tell you how well this works, you'll just have to try it!! But I can tell you that this stuff is a miracle in a freakin bottle. My hand is thick, like my pony tail is literally an inch, around mid tail, but the strands are fine and I die it, flat iron, and blow dry it every night, so it was starting to feel like hay, just so dry and brittle. I used this the first time, and I noticed a slight difference, but nothing to drastic, but I decided to keep trying, and the second time, my split ends were no longer split and my hay hair felt like crushed silk. By the third use my hair was falling in russet waves with no damage and I was tearing up it looked so good. I haven't had hair like this since I was little, and my boyfriend even said something. (This is the same guy who doesn't even notice when I get my hair cut or colored.)He kept messing with it, I finally had to tell him to stop because it was getting annoying. This stuff is worth its weight in platinum. If you are tired of dealing with hay hair, and nothing seems to be working, give this stuff a go. Its cheaper than most remedies and it smells SO GOOD!! You'll love it, and I'll be your hair will soak it up like sunshine!!Love this. I remember using it for the first time a few years ago and I never use anything other than this product now. I always thought I'd have to spend a lot of money for something great, but on a whim I bought this because, honestly, I needed to meet my amount for the prime free shipping.

Occasionally though I'll substitute this with the more expensive It's a Miracle 10. But that's because I bought a 32oz and it's lasting me forever and impossible to finish, haha.

For the price, this conditioner is a steal. After shampooing and rinsing my hair, I'll apply the conditioner and leave on for a few minutes. I've noticed though that if I keep it on my scalp as well, it'll make my head a bit oily as the day goes on. So I usually just concentrate it on my hair past my head and all is good. I love how it gives weight to my hair strands so that they don't feel brittle and fizzes away in the wind.I've been using this since 2010 with positive results of hydration, softness, silkiness and shine. There's a pleasant slight coconut fragrance. My dyed and hot-tooled hair gets a refreshing, moisturizing reprieve from this economical deep conditioner once a week. Using it too frequently causes my scalp to have build up and become itchy. Often I'll use it while having a hot cup of tea, leaving it on more than 3 minutes in a plastic shower cap or one for processing; uplifting for hair and spirit.

The formulation has changed AGAIN since the original. It does seem thicker and rinses cleaner with less residue. It's not as good as the ORIGINAL in the blah cream colored bottle and formulation that conditioned, moisturized and strengthened the hair, but it's very close.

I recommend it.This deep conditioner is really good. I understand a lot of naturals may not rate it very high because its not considered sulfate and paraben free. however, this works wonders on softening and conditioning my hair. I use it in between regular heat deep conditioning because I work out a lot and co-wash and shampoo my hair more than normal. This is one of my staples and has been a contributing factor to the health and growth of my hair. I've purchased the four pack before and plan to continue as long as it works for me. It may not work for everyone, as we each respond differently to products based on our hair texture, porosity and other factors, not because someone says so. Try it and make your own informed decision.I use this once or twice a week, and it makes my hair so shiny! In fact, when I was a kid, I spent a long time in a hot tub that, apparently, had just been shocked with way too much bleach, and my hair dried out so badly that I was considering a drastic hair cut. Like, I could hold it by the roots and all two feet of it would stand out straight! I spent weeks using home remedies and products to try to fix the damage, and nothing worked. My mom had some 3 Minute Miracle, and she said if THIS doesn't work, we'll just have to cut my hair short. I used this ONCE and my hair was back to normal! It's been over 10 years since the Hot Tub incident, and I still keep this stuff as a staple.I'm one of those people with weird asian hair. My bangs and topI've tried one bazillion conditioners. really. I have quite the relationship with my hair. No matter what I do, I keep coming back to the 3 minute miracle. Some one left a bottle at my house by accident, didnt need it back, so I plopped it on, not expecting much. That was 5 years ago, at least. I buy it in bulk. If anyone knows of a conditioner that gets tangles out as easily as this cheap stuff does, I am always willing to try it, but nothing in my opinion comes close to this. Really.I do not scrimp on hair products- at 50 plus, my not-yet-gray hair is the youngest looking thing I have going. So I use Fekkai shampoo, Goldwell's leave-in serum, & a Malibu de-mineralizer once a week to abate the effects of well-water.

But when it comes to an everyday conditioner, you can't beat "Aussie Moist 3 Minute Miracle"- even at many times the price. I've tried many upscale & salon brand conditioners over the years, but always go back to this stuff. It really is a bit of a "miracle." You can feel split rough ends (from heat styling, etc.) resolve in the time it sits on your locks. As you rinse, smoothness reigns again.

Give it a try & you, too will be buying the 4-packs & 6-packs offered here on Amazon.I have used this conditioner for about 3 months now after switching from Infusium 23 Moisture brand. I like this conditioner a lot better. My hair is fairly curly and has some frizz to it so I was looking for something that would help weigh it down. This does just that, after the 3 minute wait, the conditioner rinses with no oily or other residue. After drying and applying some other leave in product my hair feels and looks great. After using this I use less of my leave in product, and it seems to thicken and weigh my hair a little which gives me a better handle on the curls. Highly recommended!I'm always looking for the holy grail of hair conditioners, so I can't tell you how many different ones I've tried over the years, but it must be dozens and dozens. And I always keep coming back to this one, because it does the trick for my fine, dry hair. I don't know why I stray...why I imagine that there's anything better, I should know by now that there isn't. And you sure can't beat the price. It makes my hair soft and silky, without weighing it down. It's worth the three minutes!Literally a Miracle.
My hair is dull, dry, split, and falling out from years of dyeing and a recent harsh bleaching. This product is AMAZING. In just 3 minutes my hair had so much more moisture. It was incredible. I bought the 3-pack of this and I am so glad I did. This along with a few other Aussie products I've ordered (Hair Insurance Split End Protector; Smooth N' Bloom Conditioner) has improved the health of my hair tremendously.

I absolutely ADORE this product and WOULD RECOMMEND TO ANYONE. It's a real life saver. You have to try it to believe!I have the stupidest hair texture. I have curls but they're not pretty, they just look deformed mostly. I have to either straighten my hair or look like a wreck. My hair is a frizzy, huge mess that can't be controlled by much. This stuff is the best product I've used to get more softness and smoothness to my hair. I LOOOVE it. I really do. I bought the four pack and will again as soon as I run out. It surprisingly lasts a long time even though I have thick, long hair and use globs of the stuff!I am relaxed and have been on my healthy hair journey about 18 months now. Although I have solidifed most of my staple products I have never been happy with any of my conditioners ranging from both high end and low end products. Aussie is my new staple. I love how thick it is, and I love how moisturized my hair feels after just 3 min. I leave it on a little bit longer as I do my other shower rituals and my hair loves it! Detangling is a cinch! I dont really care for how the bottle is made, but not a huge deterrance for me. This product is a welcomed staple in my reggie!After years of torturing my hair with chemicals, I didn't know what to do with my hair. I accepted it's fate as a dry, frizzy exchange for a broom. Then suddenly I tried this product....

My hair started singing! Okay maybe not literally. But after the first use my hair felt so moisturized and bouncy, I finally achieved that mermaid look you get from spending a day at the beach.... without going to the beach.

All my life people commented on how frizzy my hair was... but for the first time someone actually remarked on how healthy it looks. I am sold on this product for life. I'm never using any other conditioner again!I'm a guy and I've been using this conditioner for years now, still giving me the results from day one: soft and silky hair! This is perfect for a daily conditioner and works as a hair mask if you leave it in longer. I usually leave it in for 10-15 minutes once and a week and then 3 as described on the product for everyday use.

I use a lot of heat tools on my hair so this is perfect if you need a lot of moisture in your hair!This is a GREAT product especially for those of us who work in chlorinated pools. If you use enough of the product after every time you are in the pool, it will protect your hair and keep it in great shape. Those who cut my hair always comment on how wonderfully my hair looks and feels. I've been using this for over 5 years and I love it! Being able to buy it in bulk is a real boon as the product is not always available in the store when I need it. Plus... there is a slight savings.I have been a long time believer in this product, I have very long natural virgin hair and it still tends to get dry from heat due to blow drying and styling.

The Cons:
Not enough in bottle
Can leave hair heavy and oily if to much is used

Pros:
Leaves hair shiny, moisturized and bouncy cutting down on damage
Smells like coconuts

I would recommend this product to anyone, and the price of this works amazing I like this so much more than the salon products I have tried.I've used this twice. Once I squated wrong and consequently herniated a disc. The day I did this I got the patch used it once and it numbed the pain. I found out later I huniated the disc. So, be careful - this can hide the warning pain.

The second time I used it, sleeping in a cheap mattress for a few weeks. Was in so much pain I couldn't do anything else but mange the pain. Within a week I tried other patches, creams (even icy hot cream), products). They didn't make the pain bearable. The second I put this patch on i felt relief. It enabled me to do some stretches till I nurse myself back to health and see a chiropractor.

Easy to use, sticks well, no mess, doesn't ruin clothes.I have a spinal issues and Lupus. I have many pain issues. I have prescriptions for both lidocaine cream and patches but I like Icy Hot because it works faster and lasts longer. I do get trigger point injections but they are limited to a certain amount a year they work great too. I am never without my patches. I did try the sleeves for my leg pain and wasn’t impressed. I like the large patches, the extra large are too big and get tangled up when trying to get them on, I am clumsy with the Lupus. I have been using these for 20 years and feel I deserve Stock in the company at this point!
My Prescription Lidocaine patches I could care less about but my Icy Hot Patches guard them with my life!I HAVE A HERNIATED DISK IN MY LOWER BACK THAT KILLS ME OFTEN (GOTTA GET TO THE CHIROPRACTOR) ... PURCHASED THESE, PUT ONE ON AND I HAD INSTANT AND IMMEDIATE RELIEF (THANK GOD!!) ... THESE PATCHES ARE FANTASTIC, NO STRONG SMELL, COLD-WARM SENSATIONS THAT HIT THE PAIN AREA QUICKLY AND THAT'S COMING FROM SOMEONE THAT HAS MAJOR LOWER BACK PAIN DUE TO MY HERINATED DISK SO I CAN TELL YOU FROM EXPERIENCE THAT THE BURN FROM THESE PATCHES IS VERY COMFORTING, EASES THE PAIN QUICKLY AND ALLOWS YOU TO FUNCTION, BEND AND MOVE AROUND FREELY. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THESE AND I WILL DEFINATELY BE PURCHASING THEM REGULARLY FOR SURE (OR AT LEAST UNTIL AFTER I'VE GONE TO THE CHIROPRACTOR!!); BUT WILL CERTAINLY CONTINUE TO KEEP THESE ON HAND FOR ANY OTHER TYPE OF MUSCLE DISCOMFORT OR JOINT PAIN!! GET THEM -- THESE REALLY WORK!! --used them all the time
will buy againGreat productWe had a problem with delivery , it happens ! But what they did after the problem was above and beyond. They kept in constant contact with me to solve the delivery issue , best of all they made things right ! They didn’t abandon me like most companies these days !! Nice job protecting your customers!! Thank you , very satisfied customerMy husband and I both suffer from back pain. These give us relief right away! Less need to take pain pills. Warning! Follow instructions and do not use heating pad while you are wearing one of these! I will cut one in half and use on pain where I crushed my collarbone 10 years ago when I have pain there. I also cut one in half and use each half on my sore knees.I was made aware of ICY Hot patches by my sister. On a recent visit my lower back started acting up from the long trip so she popped a large one on my lower back before I drove 9 hours home. Upon arriving I had NO back pain after driving for the first time in 30 years. I have used them since then for elbow pain with huge relief. I love this product!This is my go to when my back is really hurting. They don't take the pain away but does make it feel better. I use them all of the time and are the only ones that I have tried that really work.Since the COVID-19 pandemic & closure of all non-essential businesses, I had to improvise. I suffer from extreme lower back pain. I usually go to my Acupuncturist but obviously that is not happening at the moment. So, I decided to give these patches a try. I am impressed!! Works for about 6-8 hours. This is going to have to hold me over until my Acupuncturist opens up for business again. I would definitely purchase again.I bought these as a means to try to alleviate the horrible pain in both of my lower legs from some nasty shin splints (I've recently gotten into running. Word to the wise: if you have shin splints, stop running until they're healed as continuing to do so is only going to increase your healing time, do more damage, and cause you ridiculous amounts of pain.) I love that these last 8 hours so I can put them on and then forget about them for the next 8 hours. They truly are the only thing that has worked to help with the pain and, with them being so long, they stretch from just below my knee to just above my ankle thus covering the entire area I need to cover. Thank you Icy Hot! Without you I would be absolutely useless until these blasted shin splints heal.Icy Hot patches are so handy to have at least 1 box. We never know from day to day when our back or arm or just about any part of the joints become sore, and these patches are great for aches! I use these for back pain which has gone on too long and make the pain bearable! Will never go wI have a herniated lumbar disc that makes riding in the car painful. These patches don't eliminate the pain, but they make it more bearable. Can feel the effects for at least a few hours. Sometimes also wear one to bed on a bad night.

Beware the resealable bag is flaky. My first package dried out, and now I keep them in my own plastic baggie so that they stay moist.Nothing topical really works that great for me. They stay put and you can feel the coolness. Maybe take a bit of the pain away.She uses 2 per day to combat her back pain.I fell and hurt my back and these patches have been a life saver. They soothe your back and help relieve the pain. They are a bit pricy compared to other brands but these are far superior to the other brands that I tried. I highly recommend Icy HotBeware! These patches go on very cold (that’s the “icy”). But, once they are on they are very comfortable to walk around with or sleep with. I wouldn’t recommend wearing them in public due to the strong smell.They last about 12 hours per. When I have sinus difficulties or a cold I will cut them down (to about 1My husband had injured his back unexpectedly on Sunday so I bought him a few of these and they seem to work like a charm. Really lives up to it's name for the chilly compress and warming up over the while. It also helps him sleep more peacefully at night since it alleviates the pain in his lower back. Would recommend.I’m recently purchasing these from Amazon as my daughter uses them monthly for her period cramps. She swears by them and at this price they’re much more affordable than buying at the drugstore or grocery store.Upset stomach, diarrhea, heartburn, gas, loose guts, take 1-2 and within 30 minutes I'm as right as rain. Every time.I like the pepto bismol caplets because for my occasional stomach upsets, they always relieve symptoms. I loathe the taste of pepto in any form so these are the only way I get relief. Seriously, the dissolvable or chewable forms are so unpleasant to me they Make me gag! Obviously I won’t even try the liquid. The pepto caplets are extremely difficult t find any where, I can find the liquid and the chewable but no place has the caplets since 2021. I bought a generic brand caplets and they also were fine, but no longer in stock. So Amazon had them and I’m thankful to find them.I have used pepto Bismol in the past and find it to be a helpful productMy dog has acid reflux and is always sick this is what the vet says to give her a couple times a day. It works wonders thank you.I HATE the taste of chewable Pepto so I thought I'd give these a try and they work great and are easy to swallow without that terrible taste. These will be my go-to from now on.Drugs tend to stop working after a while. Pepto is different, it just keeps working. So I'd wanna give it 5 stars. But I can only give 'em 4.

Mom takes 2 caplets, 3 times a day, and then she's good. Only problem is that the surface of the Pepto caplets aren't glossy-smooth. I think they could be used as a small pink chalk for a blackboard or sidewalk. Their surface is rough enough to give Mom significant trouble swallowing them.

But she says she'd rather have the challenge of occasionally gagging on the caplets rather than chew up tablets or drink the liquid.

I don't know why Pepto can't provide a tab or cap with a smooth surface. If I can find all the necessary dimensions on the internet, I will pursue purchasing gelatin capsules into which I can place the caplets. Ma will have a much easier time with the smooth surface of a capsule. I don't know what took me so long to think of it.I can't believe that this product has become so difficult to find & that the price has gone up so much!! I get heartburn at night and this is my middle of the night life savor. I am sensitive to texture & taste, so the capsules are the best.to be honest, this is not what my doc recommends - but always works for me for minor stomach issues!Because of my IBS I have a lot of runny dumps. Sometimes it comes on so fast that I go from no feelings at all to "panic mode" and need to find a bathroom RIGHT NOW in a period of less than five minutes. It's really a bummer. (See what I did there?).
When I was younger I could eat just about whatever I wanted without trouble. Now I just look at pizza and I can feel diarrhea forming in my intestines. If trouble sets in, I can basically plan for five or six trips on the porcelain bus over the next two hours, each time just completely painting the bowl.
By the time the runny dumps set in, it's basically too late for Pepto. But often I'll make a preemptive strike against my colon and throw a few of these pills back either right before or right after I eat and it seems to help. I get the 'rrhea less frequently than usual with this method.
The down side is that these little pink critters really taste foul, like swallowing angry chalk after it's been used to write racial epithets on the sidewalk in front of a Trump rally. But that's a small price to pay for not making doody in my shorts.
I like that Amazon sells these in a multi-pack. Whenever I buy 3 or 4 boxes at Target, the cashier looks at me like I have a problem. But let's face it…I do.Well, the title really says it all. Just a quick travel tip - I took 3 bottles of this on a recent trip to India to take as a preventative measure and I am so glad I did. I have never taken pepto before and didn't know if it would do anything, but it definitely helped.

We took 1 capsule (1If you're looking for a way to settle your stomach without the need to manage a liquid, these are definitely for you. I bought these so I could have something to help with any tummy troubles I may have, and I can say that they work. They're pretty much tasteless when compared to the liquid, so if you don't like the taste of the liquid, you could try these and see if it helps any. Even chewing them shows little flavor in comparison. They're pretty soft, so I don't think taking them with a fluid is necessary, but it's definitely recommended if you wish to avoid a chalky powder being left in your mouth...Perfect for on the goIt's a life saver.
It would be a great idea for them to add a coating so it can be swallowed much easier.This is awesome to be able to carry around and not worry about the need for stopping at a store to buy some. It works well and helps calm the stomach for whatever reason you normally take peptoWhen you got a case of the waterpoos, Pepto is there for you, like it has been for many year. Pepto is your reliable friend who is always there for you after you emerge from the bathroom after a fierce battle. He doesn't care how bad it was, how long you were in there, or the things that happened that can't be unseen, all he wants to do is help you feel better.

I really like these Pepto pills because you can swallow them instead of taking a chewable tablet that turns your tongue black or holding your breath while you down a chalky shot of the liquid version. Thanks to the magic of efficient packaging, the pills all arrived unscathed and ready for battle. I was a longtime chewable user, but these pills converted me to the pill side.I took this for years growing up and then when Imodium AD came out over the counter, I switched but it always gave me stomach pain and then there was the idea to not take anti-diarrheals in case it was food poisoning.

And then I discovered something about Pepto Bismol that changed everything; that this medicine binds to E-Coli and rids this bacteria from your body. And this medicine was originally an infant cholera treatment.

So I am back to Pepto Bismol and I'm finding it has helped me with not just diarrhea but heartburn, gas and helps me go to sleep when stomach discomfort was keeping me up.

I never was a fan of the liquid and I hated the chewables so the caplets are perfect and much cheaper here than at the store.I mean what is there to say. It's pepto, its the best working stomach medicine on the market. Covers any base you might need. I always have a bottle on me or near me. Stuff is wonderful. I do not know why it asked me to review the flavor, these are pills and chalky pills at that. The flavor is abysmal, but if you're taking a pill right you shouldn't be lickingMy mother loves the caplets...hates to chew pills! Just as effective as chewable or liquid. Easy to transport when she travels.I have several abdominal issues that require me to take this product often. It's very affordable and always has been available which is a comfort.It literally does what it says it's going to do it puts you to sleep.Takes about 1Finally getting some restful sleep.. have had restless night’s no sleep started using another brand and found myself doing odd things like walking in my sleep, this have helped better rest..Enables me to fall asleep and stay sleeping thru the night. Also worthy of note is that I feel no hangoverWorks, without leaving any feeling of tiredness. I dream like crazy now but mostly I finally stopped moving a lot while asleep and get that deep sleep that makes one feel rested. The same effect and results to many that I know after I told them about my own experience and they also tried it. Game changer!!Great to help shut down a restless mindUna solución buena y simple para el insomnio ocasionalTHIS SLEEPING AID WORKS VERY WELL. MY ONLY OBJECTION IS THE TASTE OF THEM.THEY AREN'T AWFUL; BUT HAVE A VERY SLIGHT BURN TO THEM IF YOU CHEW THEM UP. IF YOU CAN SWALLOW THEM WHOLE, YOU PROBABLY WOULDN'T NOTICE THE TASTE VERY MUCH. OTHERWISE, I'D RECOMMEND THEM.There are perfect for me. I can't even find them in rite aid. I only need to take one of these to add to the other prescribed sleeping pill I take. The other ones that rite aid sells are soft gels and they are too strong. With these I have the option to take one or half of one. So glad I found them.I had been having trouble falling asleep and staying asleep for quite some time. I tried using Melatonin and it helped me get to sleep, but I'd always wake up really early in the AM and not be able to get back to sleep. So I bought the RIte Aid Nighttime sleep capsules and the very first night I took them, they let me sleep thru to morning. Plus I am able to remember my dreams. Silly I know, but prior to using this product, I would know I had dreams, but I could never recall them.Saw another buyer's review before I bought this junk, but I figured "it's only $5.99 so I'll try it". I should've listened to other buyer because this Rite Aid crap is useless (it CANNOT be returnedSleep nothing to day its sleeping pills its goodgreat price, all packaged separately, all worked asvthey shouldI'm enjoying taking these pills, they help me sleep really good at nightThis worked better than I thought it would! As a lifelong insomniac I've tried many over the counter sleep products. This is the best so far.These sleep aids work really well for me. It does take anout a hour to kick in but once they do I'm out. I have always used sleep aids so I don't wake up drowsy anymore. My mom only takes a half of one but I take two. Really good product does the job.Great product for sleeping
Thank you very muchI found these sleep aid tablets very good. I suffer from a severe case of restless leg syndrome and find it very difficult to get to sleep as even before I am asleep, I am aware of the movement and cramping in both of my legs and find it very difficult to get relaxed enough to sleep. Some nights are worse than others and on the bad nights I take two of these tablets and I can get to sleep great. Therefore, I would recommend these tablets as a good over the counter solution for my problem.We are all so used to hearing Tylenol Pm the drug that helps you sleep. What most people don't realize is that its tylenol and Diphenhydramine. The Diphenhydramine is what makes you feel sleepy, and the tylenol is plain old tylenol.

I like this brand because its inexpensive yet produces the quality of better brand names. We are getting the exact same chemical. Also the mini caplets are great as you open the bottle and can pour out the tablets instead of trying to rip them out of a foil pack. So I am a happy customer.I like this product very much!!This deodorant is great! I like the scent and the deodorant lasts all day. I work in an office, so I am not sure how long it might last if I was outside working all day or in a shop. Nothing but compliments from ladies. Cost is on par with other types of cologne deodorants.Valdría la pena gastar en este desodorante si la fragancia durará más tiempo, pero no es así rápido se desvanecenLong lasting stick deodorant and pleasant scent its worth the price a quality product my husband loves it.I have used this producto for a number of years and will continue to use it forever.This deodorant is the ONLY one that works for me! I am always grateful to be able to purchase it on Amazon when I cannot buy it in the stores.Perfect gift.Very nice and smiling all dayMy husband loves this deodorantsmells greatYeah it smells good and all, but is it really worth 50 bucks?
Not at all.I buy this for my son every year I love to smell him and he is always happy ...I get the big one 6.7oz enough to drown in and still have enough to wear all year longThis is a great fragrance that isn't over powering and smells great to the ladies. I get compliments when I wear it all the time.Everything perfect. Excelent product, and I received it exactly as they promissed. I recomend it for all... As I said, perfect!lasts foreverExcellent for underarm deoderant....GoodUnfortunately the box I was just sent expires in two months. I plan to use them immediately, but I've found that teeth whitening products become less effective as the expiration date approaches. I would have liked a farther away expiration date.We are BIG into natural living, so I was NOT one who wanted to whiten our teeth using unsafe ingredients. The ingredients in these are overall pretty decent, EXCEPT the SACCHARIN.

That said, we had a dentist recommend we whiten one of our teen's teeth BEFORE braces because they said if we whiten AFTER braces, they would have to REMOVE & REPLACE any fillings in the teen's teeth because the fillings would be the color of her teeth that were stained from silent reflux due to hiatal hernia issues caused by a tongue tie, as well as her lips & buccals were also tied, causing the dental issues.

We did NOT want to have to have her fillings redone for several reasons, so we decided to try the home whitening. I was NOT happy that there is saccharin in them as it is TOXIC, but I felt I had to compromise because I felt 14 days of saccharin on her teeth for 30 minutes, would be less harmful than having to replace the fillings that would be in her mouth for several years, not to mention that every time a filling is redone, part of the natural tooth structure is removed even further, & we felt that was the greater risk long term.

After reading countless reviews on several listings for the Crest strips, I decided upon these ones. I saw "professional" ones that were pricier & I was going to buy them, UNTIL I saw the reviews that said the strips were dried out, the boxes came empty, etc. I also considered the ones for SENSITIVE teeth, but was concerned they would not whiten quickly enough, as some reviewers had stated. These ones said "professional effect" so I decided I would go for it after reading the reviews.

We are SO happy with them!

Our teen used these for 14 days, 30 minutes each time, daily. She brushed her teeth before (she did not see the note on the box that says to avoid brushing right before) & rinsed with a Waterpik after to get the stuff off her teeth thoroughly.

We were THRILLED that when she went for a filling on day 14 to repair some damage due to the ties & using straight charcoal powder on her teeth (UNBEKNOWNST to me!), her teeth were as white as they could be (B2) without heavy duty professional whitening. The DENTIST was VERY happy with the results as well.

We are VERY pleased & did not realize how much the silent reflux (which we did not know was happening) had impacted the color of her teeth. Her teeth are SO white now & ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL!

We are now going to buy strips for our other teens & tween to use, because they also had silent reflux until they had their unknown tongue, lip, & buccal ties released recently. Their teeth are nowhere near as stained & our one teen's were, so I am not sure if their teeth will be as white as our one daughter's are after using these strips, but I want to let them try.

Our teen is SO much more CONFIDENT now & smiles SO much. She was NEVER bothered by her teeth before, but I think that now seeing them look so absolutely BEAUTIFUL, has helped her teeth to look as great as she now feels after having her ties released, & her airway expansion in progress. Had I known her teeth were so stained, I would have used these sooner.

After I get my kids' teeth done with these strips, I may splurge on some for me too.

I WOULD purchase these again & have purchased them for my other kids now.If I use more than once a week my teeth become sensitive.As a person that consumes large amounts of coffee and tea, keeping my teeth white has been an ongoing struggle that has prompted me to buy just about every whitening product available. Every time Crest comes out with a new Whitestrips product I give it a try. Many have been disappointing, and all have proven to be a somewhat unpleasant chore to use. Now I understand that doing something to make your teeth whiter is worth some time and effort, but using the Crest Whitestrips is usually a messy, uncomfortable process that I have always dreaded. Still, I have always been able to get noticeable results so I continue to use them nonetheless. Until recently I was getting the best results from using the Crest Whitestrips Pro Effects 10-day System. However, those strips still tended to slide around on my teeth and required that I keep my mouth closed for the entire treatment.

In February I was given the opportunity to try the new Crest Advanced Seal Whitestrips kit. It is certainly a big improvement over the other Whitestrips products. The Advanced Seal kit only requires a 30 minute treatment once a day, whereas the rest of the Whitestrips product line requires two 30 minute treatments each day. The entire kit lasts for 14 days, but it promises that you will see results within 3 days. The kit contains 14 packets, each packet containing an upper and lower whitening strip. Each strip is coated with a peroxide-infused gel, which is claimed to mold and adhere to teeth better that any previous Whitestrips product. Crest also notes that this product will only work on natural teeth, and will NOT whiten caps, crowns, veneers, fillings, or dentures. These Whitestrips should not be used by anyone under the age of 12, and should not be used on teeth with braces. Crest even claims that you can drink water while whitening your teeth with this product.

Here is the 3-step method for using this product (taken directly from the Crest website):

1. Peel:
- For best results, do not brush teeth immediately before applying strips.
- Open foil pouch and remove.
- Peel strips from backing.
2. Apply:
- Apply gel side of strip to teeth. It will instantly mold and adhere to teeth.
- Align strips with gum line and press gently for good contact.
- Fold the rest of strip behind teeth to keep in place.
3. Reveal:
- Wear strips for 30 minutes once a day, remove and discard.
- Crest Whitestrips Advanced Seal comes off cleanly.

After using this kit for the full 14 days, here is what I have personally experienced:

First of all, the claim by Crest that these strips hold much better to your teeth is true. In fact, when trying to remove these strips some may feel that they hold TOO good. I have found that removing them can be a somewhat difficult and messy task. After being in your mouth for 30 minutes the strips are rather slimy and slippery, so I have learned to pull one end loose and then use a tissue to pull the strip off my teeth. You really have to tug pretty hard in order to get these strips off from your teeth! Second, the strips still leave some unpleasant residue on your teeth, so you will want to make sure to brush right after removing the strips. Third, the strips are still a little bit of a pain to apply. It's hard to fold them over your teeth without getting creases in them. But, the fact that they hold strong is a great thing. They hold on tight for the full 30 minutes, and therefore don't slide around on your teeth like the previous Whitestrips did. I don't experience the excessive amount of saliva generated by the previous Whitestrips products either. Although some folks do experience a mild amount of increased sensitivity after repeated use of this product, I was able to complete the full 14 treatments (without skipping a day) without any discomfort whatsoever. These Advanced Seal Whitestrips are a great improvement in design, and they are ultimately much easier to use. I definitely notice that my teeth appear whiter within 2 to 3 treatments, and by the end of the 14-day treatment my teeth looked wonderfully bright.

Overall I am very pleased with the improved design and excellent results provided by the Crest Advanced Seal Whitestrips product. They're not completely perfect, and they are still a bit of a chore to apply, use, and remove. But when all is said and done these strips are definitely the best effort produced by Crest yet. If you are looking for whiter, brighter teeth, and don't mind a 30 (35 minutes including removal and brushing afterward) minute inconvenience for 14 days, I highly recommend the Advanced Seal Whitestrips system from Crest. Shop around though, because they can be found much cheaper on the Internet than in local retail stores. I have found them nearly twenty dollars cheaper on sites like Amazon than what they sell for in brick and mortar stores. In these tough economic times it is always good to save a few bucks whenever possible. After all, paying more for the same product is not going to get your teeth any whiter. =o)Excellent purchase!!After completing the treatment I felt like they did whiten my teeth a lot. However, I would look at myself in different mirrors and lightning and not see the results as much. I do believe they work but I also have a couple of stains from when I had braces that did not go away. In my case, I am going to need a professional whitening treatment to achieve the results that I want.These work wellTeeth Whitening, easy to use...Being a true Brit I have (had) quite yellow, stained teeth. One of my front teeth is a little crooked and I’m not a big fan of braces to fix something so minor, but a few years ago a friend suggested that whitening my teeth would make the wonky tooth look less weird. In my teen years I tried lots of cheap messy gel products from eBay and none of them had any qualities that made me want to continue use, least of all any whitening effect.

Roll on a few years later; I’m in my late twenties, a mother and looking to step up my career a little. I look in the mirror and I’m happy, but I could tweak a few things and feel 10x better about ‘Me’. So with this time money being only a small factor in my endeavours, I decided to do some research on whitening procedures offered by Dentists in the UK. After a few weeks of comparisons and consulting forum after forum online I came to the conclusion that going down the bonafide dentist route would be more costly than expected and no guarantee I wouldn’t be in sensitive agony.

But, Crest Whitestrips seemed to be the next best thing. Only downside is you can’t get them in the UK. Good job that Amazon.COM will ship to my UK address – Awesome!

Having read up a lot on how to combat the sensitivity issues I took the initiative to purchase some sensitive toothpaste and mouthwash to start using prior to picking a whitening treatment. The more I could do to prevent sensitivity the better. I began the strict regime of twice daily brushing, flossing in the evening and mouthwash about 4 weeks before I put anything on my teeth. Bear in mind that I was a brush once a day gal before I started this and a lot of my back teeth have amalgam fillings. I even have a filling in the back of my front tooth, I was not kind to my mouth at all!

I ordered a sample kit from a UK based website initially before taking the plunge on a full 14 treatment pack from Amazon.com. I got 7 treatments of the ‘Professional Effects’ variety and figured I’d see if I liked those first.

I saw results after the first 2 strips. It was amazing. They stuck to my teeth so well and gave full coverage for my smile. Because of this I purchased a 14 pack of the ‘Glamorous White’ variety and followed the tracked package from the USA, to the UK, through Customs and to my door. It arrived 1 week earlier than expected. Happy days.

So I’d used up my 7 ‘Professional Effects’ and began on the ‘Glamorous White’ as soon as they arrived. They stick to your teeth beautifully, though in the instructions it doesn’t tell you to dry your teeth, I always find they adhere a lot better if you do. Sitting for 30 minutes with them in your face is a breeze, I tend to do housework or sit down for half an episode of Scandal…..usual mummy things.

The picture attached to my review speaks for itself, this is from before using 7 ‘PE’ strips and then 7 Glamorous White strips (half of my purchase from here). My results have been fantastic, and in only ten days! And ZERO SENSITIVITY! *high five*. And I’ve got another 7 treatments to go if I want to, or save them for top ups.

I’ve marked this item as 4 out of 5 because it misses the direction of drying your teeth before applying them, there is some confusion around how many times you can have a treatment per day and because the bottom strip is a lot smaller than the ‘Professional Effects’ version. The ‘PE’ ones cover my whole bottom smile which is about 8 teeth left to right. With this one I get just about coverage for 6 so if I’m honest I wouldn’t buy these again purely for that reason.

In terms of daily application I go with two as the maximum, not because I have any sensitivity but just because an hour of my day is all I’m prepared to give up to this at the moment.

I’m at the stage where I want to get to a satisfactory white and then just maintain it from there. I’m confident I can do that using Crest products, but it will most likely be the ‘Professional Effects’ as overall I find them to be the superior version.Easy to use.!1000It does the jobAclara los dientes efectocmenete muy rápido pero el dolor de la sensibilidad es muy fuerteI will start by saying that although I was expecting some sensitivity issues (I read a lot of reviews...) there has been none until now. I did start brushing with Sensodyne Rapid about two weeks before starting the white strips, and I continue to brush with it right after I remove the strips. I have also been using Sensodyne Protect & Repair with Novamin. I just removed my 4th pair of strips and to be honest I don't see a difference... My teeth are still as yellow as before. I don't smoke or drink coffeeso I never had whitened my teeth before (other that the 4 times I used a charcoal activating toothpaste) and I thought this would be a scam, but my brother had some yellow teeth and then he surprised me one day with a white smile. For him, this would be worth the 5 stars! I was blown away but I still didn't try it. I kept putting it off but I wish I had done it sooner.

My teeth were off white. I don't smoke, but I think drinking coffee and skipping out on flossing caught up with me that there was a slight yellowish tint in some lighting but it was only noticeable to me. I have small teeth and big cheeks so usually when I smile and talk you only see my top teeth, which is good because I have a chipped tooth at the bottom.
Anyway, I am graduating college soon and had to take some pictures so I finally remembered that I wanted to give this a try.
I feel more confident when I smile now but here's the issue.
The bottom strip is not the same size as the top strip so the bottom strip did not give as great of coverage as the top strip. It also slipped off; whereas, the top strip was perfect at sticking on to your teeth. Crest should consider just giving 2 top strips and I'm surprised they have not done so seeing how people have been making this complaint for over a decade.
The change on my teeth were not as dramatic a change as my brother's. I was hoping it would be lifted 2 more shades but still I am very impressed with my top teeth. My bottom teeth kinda look the same from day 1.
It is still well worth the $ to feel confident when you smile.
I plan on buying them again in a few months. Also most days I did not get a zing sensation (you get it from having sensitive teeth) but the days that I left the strips on for too long I did feel it. If I felt a zing, I'd wait a few days before putting in the next strip.

I took some pictures of my teeth to show the transformation. I think the teeth look really good in sunlight but under certain lighting like white lights- not as great. if you are debating this, don't overthink it. Give it a try! :Dthese were my first experience with teeth whitening strips and i think they’re pretty good. they make my teeth a little sensitive but they do whiten quite nicely. the taste is bad though it’s not intense but it’s definitely not what i especially, like it kinda tastes dangerous but i haven’t experienced any poor health from it.I love using these!
Okay, so lots of people have commented on how these can increase your sense of sensitivity and it has a nasty taste in your mouth--I'm going to be honest: I don't really taste anything. It says not to swallow anything so maybe someone accidentally swallowed some and it was gross? Idk. And as far as sensitivity goes, I have sensitive teeth anyways so I was SUPER nervous about using these but I took a risk, and I've continued using my normal toothpaste: Crest's Whitening Therapy toothpaste that also helps majorly with sensitivity. I don't know if it is the toothpaste that helps but I haven't felt an increase in sensitivity. :)
If you have problems with sensitivity but want to whiten your smile, my Dentist told me (I had previously asked for advice on using these strips) to decrease how often you leave them on and for how long. If you feel any weird tingling or pain while the strips are on after a bit, take them off and try again the next day or the next. Totally up to you how long you use it. JUST DON'T FALL ASLEEP WITH IT IN!! I don't know what happens but it's all over the instructions as a warning. haha
Also another thing, in the instructions (You can tell I was worried about using these haha) it mentioned to avoid brushing your teeth right before you use the strips. It didn't explain why so I either just do it at the end of the day or wait a while after brushing my teeth, like 30 minutes to an hour if you can. And I always brush my teeth after-cuz the whitening gel is all over your teeth and it feels gross and weird so I rinse first and then brush my teeth after a few minutes--I don't want to immediately brush off what I want to whiten my teeth!
And I know everyone's been putting up BEFORE and AFTER photos of their teeth. Well I totally blew it I didn't take a before picture... But I'm getting married in June so the real test is if my smile will match my dress!! *Fingers crossed!!*
Good luck on your adventures!

OH I ALMOST FORGOT!
So children: It disclaims in the package instructions that white spots could appear or stains on your teeth could brighten temporarily.
Let me emphasis the word: TEMPORARILY. TEMPORARILY. I have small lines on my teeth from braces (I wasn't a diligent brusher at 12 years old) and they brightened for like a day. I used it again (I do every other day) and they weren't as bright. So DO NOT WORRY if you experience similar results. Keep calm and keep on whitening. :)These strips have definitely whitened my teeth. My wife and other members of my family all use them too.YOU SHOULD TOTALLY BUY THESE WHITESTRIPS IF YOU REALLY WANT WHITER TEETH. Don't whine about sensitivity, it says right on the box that it can happen. I had no issue with the "goo" on these bleaching my clothes or fingers. They only became gooey when I removed them from my teeth.

I had been thinking about whitening my teeth for awhile -- I had the Rembrandt 2-Hour Whitening kit, but that thing TORE MY GUMS UP. It did whiten my teeth slightly though, but not worth the $50 and the pain. I asked my dentist about getting professional whitening, but he said it's basically the same thing as everything out on the market that has a tray (like the rembrandt kit), just wildly more expensive (I love his honesty).

I had the old whitestrips from about 3 years ago -- they didn't do too much for me. I got this new set of Crest Whitestrips in a fit of optimism. The shipping took a little longer than most stuff I get from Amazon, but nothing outrageous. The packaging was nothing to hoot at (mine came wrapped in the Classifieds section in a manila envelope, the box was a little crushed, but the innards were fine).

I read the instructions, and DID NOT brush my teeth beforehand, and slapped those suckers onto my lower and upper teeth. I like these better than the old whitestrips, they aren't gooey and slippery like the old ones. They're more a tacky feel, like they get sticky only when they get wet, so you can readjust them without them sliding all over your mouth. I do have a fairly wide smile, and the upper strips cover just about all of it, and the lower ones cover about 6 of my teeth. These don't taste as bleachy as the old ones, and they didn't irritate my gums AT ALL either.

I've been using them every other day to cut back on the risk of sensitivity (but I fell asleep with them on one day, which you're NOT supposed to do - so i ended up leaving em on for like 2 hours instead of just 30 minutes, so I had some sensitivity after that session that faded eventually). I noticed a visible difference in the shade of my teeth within 3-4 treatments and I think i still have about 5 packets left. My teeth are pretty white now, but not unnaturally white (by unnatural, i mean like Ross in that episode of Friends where he dates the girl with the blacklight). My teeth aren't paper-white, but let's be honest -- that would be creepy. The walls at my job are a pale cream color, and my teeth are now whiter than the walls.

The only thing that could make these better is if they paid my bills and told me they loved me once in awhile.
Oh, and maybe included a whitening scale, so that you could compare your teeth when you start to when you finish.After using the 3D Advanced Vivid Whitestrips, I saw an improvement in the color of my teeth after just four uses. This is a great product, and after my order runs out in five days, I will more than likely request a second box from Amazon. However, before you order this product, there are a few things that you need to consider.

1.) Though this product works, it is nothing special. This whitening device is simply an adhesive strip of peroxide that bonds firmly to your teeth, and you can get the same whitening result by rinsing your mouth daily with hydrogen peroxide from the grocery store.

2.) If you have a peroxide sensetivity, stay away from this product. Some people experience a burning sensation on their gums during usage, so I recommend rinsing with regular household peroxide to test your sensetivity before you spend $20-$30 on these whitestrips.

3.) As Crest promises, these whitestrips DO NOT slip off of your teeth while you are using them. In fact, when I used them for the first time, I panicked a little when my 30 minutes were up. The strips become extremely sticky and slimy during usage, so it is almost impossible to peel them off of the front side of your teeth. I recommend pulling them off from the back of your teeth first, and though you might feel a slightly painful tug on the front of your teeth, it goes away quickly.

4.) If you are going to apply these whitestrips, you MUST use a mirror to do so! It is important to place the strips RIGHT AT YOUR GUM LINE, or else you will get funky results. If you have any creases in the strip, that crease will show up on your teeth. When I used them for the first time, I did so without a mirror, and I had a thin horizontal white stripe in the center of all of my teeth. Though these lines disappear, it was very unsightly for awhile.

5.) The immediate after math of using the whitestrips is not always pretty. First of all, the strips leave a thin gunky residue on your teeth, so it is important to brush afterwards. Also, the strips sometimes leave white spots or lines on the teeth. These spots are only temporary, but I do not recommmend using them right before you have to go somewhere important.

Overall, I recommend this product. If you apply the Crest 3D Advanced Vivid Whitestrips according to the instructions on the included leaflet, you should see dramatically whiter teeth after you have used all of the packets in your box.I have thin and thinning hair that I keep about 1" long (buzz cut it weekly with the no8 guide). I wanted a product that I could use that would give me some volume and hold without looking wet or like I had too much product in my hair. I found this and decided to try it out and I am very happy with it. I use it daily now and it does just what I want- give me hold and volume without weighing down my hair or looking wet or greezy... I recommend, especially to men with hair like mine :(I travel frequently and needed well packaged products that would fit in a 311 sized travel bag.
The paste itself does a good job of keeping my hair styled and under control. A little goes a long way with this paste.
The packaging stays sealed and safe in my 311 travel kit. Recommended.Paste is very, very hard - not pliable. Does not work with fine and thinning hair - you'll look like Mary in What About Mary. Know what I mean? The paste literally has the look and consistency of Crisco - the lard in the can. I did try it - I looked like I went to a Brazilian hair salon. Ships from England - delivery time is longer than anticipated. Plus used product is not returnable - makes sense for cosmetics. A shipping label was not issued so I assume I would have had to pay for S&H. Offered to give it to my college age son, he declined. Evidently American Crew goes on soft and smooth and you can actually run it through your hair during application. I'm a Prime customer and kinda thought I could return any purchase it not satisfied - wrong. My bad. Thankfully I didn't waste a lot of coinage. Oh well, sucks to be me.Bought it for my fiance, but I actually love it for my pixie hair style. Doesn't have a strong scent. I would definitely buy it again.terrible waste of money, threw in garbage because they wanted me to pay shipping to returnVery nice hair product. Works well with thinning hair.I am middle aged yet fortunately have a decent head of thinning hair. This does a better job of adding fullness and allowing me to style than any other product I have used. Be sure you purchase the "new and improved" version (yellow sticker on jar). Try it and see.I have thin and thinning hair that I keep about 1" long (buzz cut it weekly with the no8 guide). I wanted a product that I could use that would give me some volume and hold without looking wet or like I had too much product in my hair. I found this and decided to try it out and I am very happy with it. I use it daily now and it does just what I want- give me hold and volume without weighing down my hair or looking wet or greezy... I recommend, especially to men with hair like mine :(I travel frequently and needed well packaged products that would fit in a 311 sized travel bag.
The paste itself does a good job of keeping my hair styled and under control. A little goes a long way with this paste.
The packaging stays sealed and safe in my 311 travel kit. Recommended.Paste is very, very hard - not pliable. Does not work with fine and thinning hair - you'll look like Mary in What About Mary. Know what I mean? The paste literally has the look and consistency of Crisco - the lard in the can. I did try it - I looked like I went to a Brazilian hair salon. Ships from England - delivery time is longer than anticipated. Plus used product is not returnable - makes sense for cosmetics. A shipping label was not issued so I assume I would have had to pay for S&H. Offered to give it to my college age son, he declined. Evidently American Crew goes on soft and smooth and you can actually run it through your hair during application. I'm a Prime customer and kinda thought I could return any purchase it not satisfied - wrong. My bad. Thankfully I didn't waste a lot of coinage. Oh well, sucks to be me.Bought it for my fiance, but I actually love it for my pixie hair style. Doesn't have a strong scent. I would definitely buy it again.terrible waste of money, threw in garbage because they wanted me to pay shipping to returnVery nice hair product. Works well with thinning hair.I am middle aged yet fortunately have a decent head of thinning hair. This does a better job of adding fullness and allowing me to style than any other product I have used. Be sure you purchase the "new and improved" version (yellow sticker on jar). Try it and see.Sono un’insegnante di scuola primaria, ho voluto dei timbri diversi dalle solite faccine sorridenti, tristi o arrabbiate, per dare agli alunni rinforzi positivi. Tre cuori simboleggiano un risultato migliore rispetto a un cuore e un cuore non è umiliante quanto ritrovarsi una faccina triste sul quaderno. I I timbri sono belli, ma l’inchiostro penso si seccherà presto, mi aspettavo ce ne fosse in quantità maggiore. La scatola di legno è semplice e robusta , ma priva di coperchio, ecco perché ho ovviato al problema utilizzando il cartone dell’ imballaggio e un paio di cartoncini rosa presenti nel kit per coprire i timbri affinché trasportandoli in borsa non cadano tutti. Ne consiglio l’acquisto.Bought as a present but looked a nice stamp setI bought it for my 4 year daughter and 3 year old niece. Would definitely be nice if it had a cover with it because now I have to find a box to put all the stamps in.
The kids enjoyed it for the first time, but its kept inside ever since because they're not interested anymore.Lo compre para un reglo, así que no lo use, pero llego a tiempo, en muy buen estado y se veía muy bonito el estuche.Los compré para mi sobrina, le encantaron! Tiene 3 años y el tamaño está perfecto para su manita. Best regalo ever, se entretiene muchísimo.Muy lindas imágenes, mi hija se entretiene horas dibujando en papel bond agregando detalles con sellos.
Muy durables y fáciles de usar.
Una muy buena opción para regalarEsta muy padre, mi hija ama los sellos, solo el pad con la tinta se seca rapidísimo, deberían incluir tinta extra!UN JUGUETE SUPER BONITO, RECOMENDADO, DURADERO Y ORIGINAL, POR EL PRECIO ESTA EXCELENTE.Muy bueno, la tinta es fácil de quitar si lo usan donde no debe, es muy tenue el tinteMuy bonito, fue un regalo para mi sobrinaEl material es de muy buena calidad, muy buen tamaño, lo único que le hace falta es una tapa a la cajita, es muy bonita pero le serviría para almacenarlos mejor. A mi hija le gustaron mucho.The stamps are exceptional quality, but I was very disappointed with the quality of the stamp pad. The ink was very dry and don't show up well on paper. I'll definitely need to purchase a separate ink pad.Como siempre esta marca de lo mejorEsta bien la marca lo dice todoIf you can't think what to give a little boy or a girl... (kids you don't know very well and your kids get invite to the B'day party:) this is an excellent product. They come in different shapes for girls or boys, I've been giving them to 3 yr olds and every child and parent loves them!!!Está muy bonito, todo se ve de muy buena calidad.The stamps are great and love the little wooden box it comes with. My only issue is the stamp pad. I find the stamp pad to be of poor quality and do not expect to last very long. This is the second Melissa and Doug stamp set I bought and had the same issue with the other set.Tienen muy buen tamaño, llegaron al siguiente día, le van a encantar a mi sobrinaMuy bonitos y adecuados para los pequeños.Súper divertidoThese are the only products I will useI don't know if these are old or not but I would avoid this three pack every single one of them barely sticks and that's just at the beginning they stop sticking pretty much 20 minutes into being used I don't know if they were older than the shelf or if they change their formula I suspect the first although it could be the latterThese are the best to use especially if you have heavy periods, I got them for my sister and she’s been using them for a while and said they are very comfortable and can do overnight.Always Maxi Pads Overnight Extra Heavy Flow --

Each pad comes individually wrapped in a very silky lavender plastic wrapper that can be used to dispose of the used pad. No it's not thin. It isn't supposed to be.

The pad is a GREAT 15" LONG. Offering more protection where the flow goes which is toward our buttocks than any other on the market. I for one am tired of connecting two pads to get any semblance of protection. Even light flow doesn't go straight down, not if you have thighs which meet. Some of you are complaining that its too big, well there are plenty more petite pads on the market if you indeed need a smaller pad but for those with a heavy flow and for women above a size 14 who have a big booty we need to APPLAUD THIS PAD for finally arriving for us. I don't know why the industry didn't realize a century ago that you shouldn't be trying to make pads the same dimension when women range from 4'9" to 6'7". A 6-7" long pad doesn't even protect the most direct fluid route if you're a larger lady.

Lying down, flow goes awry even more so and for a pad to actually deserve the title OVERNIGHT it needs to come with a nice old old fashioned belting system (just a little strip folks) and truly be more like 22" inches long. We need a pad to reach from tummy to back of your waist if it is to prevent all staining and allow us to go to sleep without worry. These pads don't do that and I wish they did.

I still say manufacturers have no idea what a heavy flow is but I'm afraid these are as good as its gets when it come to holding a lot blood. Good for postpartum. If you have adenomyosis, fibroids, endometriosis, are in peri-menopause or GOD FORBID ARE ON BLOOD THINNERS, I'm afraid even this pad will need frequent changing. Do Diapers work as an alternative? The answer is "not so well" as they are made of textiles meant to absorb a dilute fluid not a thick fluid. Until Proctor and Gamble gets it right the natural green brand of diapers- TUSHIES in its largest size helps some with overnight woes. If you are a tiny woman you might even be able to actually get one on completely, unwieldy to use (nothing to hold them on). Alas they are kind to sensitive skin.

Back to these pads...
For comfort no one ever beats ALWAYS. They have made the best "tops", the surface that touches your skin, for over 2 decades. In other words they feel great and do stay dry. These don't have the texture of their new Infinity line but instead have that sort of plastic lace top Always came out with back in the late 70s early 80s. I wish that they applied the Infinity odor control and material to THIS SIZE. Layer the INFINITY textile over this pad. That combination of materials I think would be a SMASH HIT! Listen to MEEEE P&G.

A word about those darned wings. All they do is channel moisture toward your groin and hold it there against your skin to make you chafe. They never stay in place. They don't spare your pretty panties anything. Take them away! I tuck them under [or scissor them off].

This pad has an adhesive strip protector sheet on top, and another on its back. I welcome that. When was the last time you saw a women wash her hands BEFORE entering a stall? You're handling a pad with your paws covered with every bacteria from elevator buttons, escalator rails, filthy knobs, currency, tickets, and other person's hands and then putting all those bad particles there. That TOP protective sheet lets you get the pad on without transferring all that mayhem to your groin. That area needs to be handled as sterile-y (is that a word?) as you handle your eyes but no one seems to ever say that. I wish pads were marked STERILE and were indeed that pristine.

INCONTINENCE, these are useless for that purpose. Add Always Max Protection Dri Liners. They are as thin as a sheet of paper. And as teeny as they are (really short) they do hold liquid and boost the performance of any pad they are added to. Their adhesive is strong, stronger even than on these full size pads. They do not come with any kind of wrapper.

I'm switching back to Always from Natracare. Went there to avoid chemicals and because there was a sort of quiet underground buzz abut Always is just not being sterile enough in their manufacturing and indeed causing infections but with heavy use Natracare's SUPER is irritating and their Nighttime Extra Long is woefully not up to par but if you want less of a pad than these they just might be right for you. I'm hoping P&G is making these in at least a CLEAN environment despite the fact that you never see the term STERILE in a sanitary product description. I think it ought to be there especially for tampons.

I DO RECOMMEND THESE FOR HEAVIER FLOW DAYS but unless your body is neater than mine you'll still stain sheets until manufacturers really bring the pad to waist. That's just the simple unattractive truth of the matter.

Finally the pads are WHITE, my flash may be making them look pink or purple.

SOAP dot com with their great 15-20% off coupons and Amazon are running neck and neck on price.

For Natracare the best price I've found is at Lucky Vitamin The Nighttime Extra Long was $3.45 for 10.WOULD LIKE KREFUND AND I CAN SEND THEM BACKI liked there’s more then enough to have for a while. There’s nothing I dislike about it.It is fine. No different than buying in the store. Just a slight better value.My daughter didn't experience any leakageEverything satisfactoryAt first I was a little concerned about the size, maybe I overdid it and didn’t need such a big pad. Because I sit for hours during the day I NEEDED the extra coverage. I would always get extra bleeding in certain areas but now, nothing! The added padding to the rear helps keep me dry. What a pantyGoodThey are the best pads I have found for meAlways is my goto so there is no issue with the product. It's how it was advertised you think your getting more because of how it advertised they said 3 packs of 20 so you think your getting 60 but in reality it lacking the 6.Great value for your money they will last you a couple months , great absorbencyA friend of mine made me discover that product when I found it on Amazon it was a life saver so I will always have some in stock. No leak you sre stress freeWe use these on our aging male chihuahua. We buy the fabric belly bands a size bigger than his circumference and we add one of these pads. He pees heavily (no known medical reason according to the expensive vet bills) and they do not leak through to the fabric. We tried the thin ones and they leaked at the edges. We use about 5-6 of these daily.Only issue is adhesive for wings-sometimes doesn’t come off! See others have same issue. But, I do love the coverage-never leaked (and I have heavy flow and sometimes wear for 8+ hours)BUYER BEWARE!
PACKS CONTAIN 18 PADS, NOT 20!
THATS A TOTAL OF SIX MISSING PADS!Curtains are a nice fabric but we're difficult to iron out the wrinkles. NOTE: One of the Curtains (3 purchased) was not the same width so I had to match the ones next to each other so they were even.Alot nicer than I anticipated. I bought them for my office because they were cheap, but they really turned out to be nice. Thick material, blocks the light, and looks amazing hanging up.Would not buy again ordered 2 of same. Fabric weave and color density different, yet package showed they should be identical. Additionally very stiff.excellent color. Not to gold but classy and well made. i am very happy with my purchase.These valances are pretty - although I found the gold to be shinier than what I felt the photo showed. Also, the trim was sometimes not sewn on well and some of the gold on the trim was peeled off.I was skeptical ordering these in ivory because the on line picture looked as though they were light beige. Well, it's hard to describe, but when they are turned one way, they appear very light Ivory and when they are turned another way they look darker and not what I would call Ivory. This is due to the weave and the shine that can appear. Aside from that the valances appear to be high quality. On the window they appear to be more beige and the pretty braided trim on the bottom is not even noticeable. They are not room darkening although the white backing may help. For the money, you can't go wrong. I think my color choice might be the root of my problem, but it is all I could use for my intended room.The color was definitely gold . But hung to long for my tests for a valance .Purchased the ivory valance to put on inside of my front door. I didn't want a curtain that drew attention to it since I have busy curtains around my large living room window close by, and I'm happy as this looks neutral and blends with the room. It does have a slight shimmer to it which to me makes it look more expensive than it is. I wanted the blackout function so weirdos can't peep into my house, and it works great! Per the instructions I threw in dryer with large wet towel for 20 minutes to get out wrinkles. It got most of them out and despite the instructions advising not to iron, I did anyway (carefully) on a medium setting and only on the cloth side (and not on the blackout side as the blackout material looks like it could melt if ironed). The pic shows the true ivory color. My last comment is the pic shows there is a small ruffle that flares out above the rod and my valance does have this ruffle.The color is darker than the photo but it is a nice deep wine color, the fabric is solid. It did however have very deep wrinkles where is was folded, they recommend cold ironing, I put it on med heat and still struggled for a long time without great results. I don't know how bad the wrinkles will be if I wash them.. Also, now that I pit them on, I can see a bunch of little holes in the fabric if you look up close. Overall, the price is great and they look nice, so no major complaints.I have an awkward arch shaped window in my kitchen (double thermal paned) that I need to find a sun blocking solution for. Because it is thermal paned, I cannot put the blocking "film" on the window... I am looking into outside shades, etc... in the mean time, I needed a temporary solution... I am using this valance with a tension rod between my cabinets... Do I love the look of it? Not really... BUT this valance DOES have the thermal panel and IS blocking the sun. So... it will work until I can find a more suitable permanent solution. Also, the color I ordered looks just as it did in the picture... I always update if useful info or issues pop up.Valence met my expectation. I used five to cover an 83 inch arch as pictured. I'm very happy with a quality and color depicted on Amazon. So pleased that I ordered another set in dark grey for my daughter's room. I can't wait to hang those. I returned the microfiber valances that previously hung in her arch and opted for these instead since they're thicker and looks better with the white backing from the road. Both her window and mine face the same street and gives uniformity.These curtain valances are exactly what I needed to finish off my new bedroom set. They are a very good quality and are lined on the back with a rubber backing in white. I did not purchase the matching panel but I can see where they would be 100% light blocking if used over the entire window. They are true to what is advertised in size and fabric. I did not purchase these at a discount but they are really a great value for their price. To get the wrinkles out from being folded in shipping just put them in the dryer on a low setting with a damp wash cloth for about fifteen to twenty minutes. They are easy to care for which is great because dry cleaning is not in my budget. Overall I would highly recommend these curtain valances to my friends and purchase them again.We have full set on bedroom slider door and use the valances on the transom window above the bed. Definitely cuts down on the light coming in. The only negative is the white backing - I am sure it will come off over time. It already has some pin-size holes from washing. Have to be really careful when drying. Even without washing, I am sure the white backing will come off with long term exposure to Florida sun. Going forward, I will purchase the heavy duty blackout curtains without the thermaback.They are longer than expected, I should have measured better and the width was okThese definitely are black out valances, and are very thick. The quality is there, but to be honest...these look a little bit "old lady" to me. (Sorry old ladies...) It's the rope trim on the bottom. In the pictures it looks ok, but in person it looks kind of cheesy. I am giving these 4 stars because they are very well made, I just am not a huge fan of the look. Overall they are quality valances though and do the job.We bought this to cover an arched window above a big window in our home office. We have wooden blinds on the regular window but we were struggling to find a good way to cover the arched window. Our house faces East and in the morning the sun was just blinding. We put this up and we are so much happier. I can work in the office any time without having to squint and it is also much cooler in there. We have a couple more windows that could use some curtains, so we will probably be buying some more of this brand.Originall I purchased this thinking it would look great in the living room. After getting them I chose to put them over our sliding glass doors off our dining room. It was a great, inexpensive way to add some class to our dining room. I purchased one more (a total of 4) to put one over the door off the kitchen to bring both rooms together. They are GREAT quality for the price!!The quality of these valances were better than anticipated! After a quick iron with low heat, they were ready to hang. The valance at the width I ordered doesn’t bunch, but it doesn’t need to with the scalloped edge. The fabric’s texture adds just enough visual interest to keep it from looking plain. Overall, I’m very pleased with these and would order again!I bought this valance in burgundy for my mom to go with her new curtains. It looks pretty in the picture but even better in person. The material is nice and once ironed, looked lovely and it is not too heavy so a small rod works well. Great price too!Very good value. I purchased 2 for my window. Fabric has a nice sheen.Works great. Gave bbq business and nice to have something besides standard napkins. Have very nice smell and clean good.As they say, you get what you pay for. This wipe is as described but truly a "bulk" purchase. Bargain price has its draw backs. The wipes are thrown in a box, no way to count them, no way to store them other than removing them from the box and storing them in a giant zip lock bag, single container or just leaving them in the box as shipped. They are packaged for commercial use but for the money - a good deal.These worked perfect for fast clean up for our sons graduation BBQ.I bought these Fingerbowl moist towelettes instead of the brand I had purchased before thinking there wouldn't be much difference. I was wrong. These are much thinner, a bit smaller, and not wet enough to be useful. I use three of these towelettes in place of one of the other brand. Going to throw these out and replace them with what I bought before.Here are the pros & cons of this product as I see it, I hope this helps you.
Pros:
1. Nice lemon smell
2. Very convenient size to carry some around
3. Nice and refreshing to use
4. Nice price point
5. Bring back good memories using these when eating out when I was a child
Cons:
1. Wipes are a little thin and small, so if you have big hands or eat something really messy you might need 2 or 3, but I don't find that to big of a deal
2. About 2% of the box I bought are dried out when you open themThese are moist towelettes but are not antibacterial and are not anti-virus. They are the kind of towelettes you're given at a restaurant after greasy hand foods like ribs or fried chicken where you use your fingers to eat. They are slightly flimsy so often tear when unfolding. We keep these in the car so when kids eat, they can clean up their hands. They do exactly what they're advertised to do. They are not made to protect from germs the way sanitizing wipes are. It's disappointing that they're so flimsy but wipes like these are hard to find these days (even before the coronavirus). You might need to use a few at one time, given the flimsiness, but they do the trick when traveling.When I received this product it was already quite dry and not as moist as you would need them if you are eating some high quality bbqi bought these to clean fly lines. for $20 I have enough to clean fly lines for the rest of my life. When this is added to a mucilin purchase (about $10) it is much cheaper than buying a new fly line. A new fly line can run from $79 and up.We love the productsA lot for your money. I keep some in the car and they come in handy!Great item to keep in the car or on the person for quick clean up after eating, great for cleaning up kids after fast food. Not a disinfectant, just a sealed, moist towelette.We use these wipes in the notary business. They work well in a final cleaning of the finger print ink from a client's thumbs. These small, thin, moisturized paper, cleaning cloths are easy to open, dispose of, and even relatively inexpensive in comparison to competitor products.
In some senses, you could call them green because they are small, with little impact on the environment, i.e., cutting down trees and minimizing impact to landfills, and practically eliminates the need for running water to clean the hands.Whether traveling or at home, somebody always has sticky fingers. We always keep these handy for easy cleanup!

I wish they were a little bigger and thicker because sometimes I have to use two. But, still a good buy.love them , shared with my mother n lawAfter I received and I found it’s not what I want immediately. Then I kept it intact even with the package. and I tried to return it. Then it was said it is not returnable item. It’s terrible, then I tried one and want to figure a way to use it up. It caused my skin itchin, my gos I don’t have sensitive skin. It’s really wasting my money and it’s a kind of cheatingEasy to use at home, work or on the road. Great price!I bought a box of 1000 (sure it will last me 27 years but I got the best value) and tucked these towelettes in every purse, car and cranny. So whether I have to wipe my own paws or my pup's, I'm prepared. They're also great for mopping down a sweaty face or saving the day when your deodorant fails.With the rapid rise of COVID-19 I am thankful to have received these while still avialable-a little bit smaller than expected but individually wrapped is key to keep on hand in purse, car, shoppping bags to wipe inside car door handlesThey are obviously old because opening 3 of them, they are almost dried out. Not eligible for return for a reason.The naps are very thin so they tear easily but it’s great for just wiping your hands. I keep a hand full in my car, drawers around the house, kitchen. They work well for other things as well. They would be absolutely amazing if they were slightly bigger and thicker. But you can’t beat this valueHello, yes the price is ridiculously high but I will say these are the best chucks I’ve ever had to use. They absorb the liquids very well and is soft on the skin. Now what does help is they come in 36x30 squares so what I did was when I opened the package I took a sharp scissors cause these pads are THICK! Compared to other pads but trust me the cheaper pads don’t protect like these do. So I cut the large pad across the package folds in half and then I fold the each of the two pieces together and cut along the new fold. Making 4 pieces out of one large square. The left over pieces cut nicely and hence makes more extending chuck quantity. Hope this helps. Hope there prices go down but they are absolutely the best and don’t fall apart when wet.These are great for accidents and spills. If no accident occurs they can be used on a bed for several days. I dispose of them when the absorbent material finally gets wadded up and pulled apart - but the green plastic part has never torn. I feel like that's a good sign- if the green plastic part tore before the absorbent part then I would be worried about leaks. Their size is perfect. They fit all the way across a twin or hospital bed and they fit under a persons entire worrisome backside area.Suitable for My Senior Large Disabled GSD Dog that suffers from incontinence. My dog did not destroy the pad but she is so smart that when the pad is wet she moves away to a dry spot(Yes, I have to work). These pads work better than the ones from a pet store.They are Big and a really nice quality. I have 3 Pitbulls and I live in a apartment so I constantly have to buy wee wees. I love the size since they're big dogs.These are extremely useful in helping to reposition your loved one who is bed ridden. They don’t tear easily. They are very absorbent, we didn’t have any issue with leaking. Highly recommend.They work great. I use them for an elderly patient. The absorbency on the them is great. No mess!We have used this brand for almost 3 years. They may be a little more $$ but we’ll worth it. We had tried 2 other brands in the beginning but came back to these.I looked at a lot of reviews for other pads and even tried a couple of others. Many of the other reviews compared their product to the Medline and came up a little short. So why not just go with the best to begin with.This product although still gets very full, holds more than other products tried.We had a litter of 12 puppies, these pad were a necessity both for after birth bleeding and then for potty training. They were not the cheapest but were much bigger and way more absorbent than the Costco puppy pads. I would very much recommend these.I dislike the prize. We have enough expenses as it is now. This product is a necessity, but expensive.This is the best bed underpad on Amazon. I have bought multiple brands and this is the BIGGEST size and the MOST ABSORBENT. The pad is thick and of great quality. I highly recommend it.I also use these under some rubber play mats in the basement to protect the bare concrete from puppy accidents. Works great.GreatLove the fact that when there are accidents it’s super absorbent and no leaks on bottomWhen confined to bed and do not make it to the commode in time, the pad is good.a quality, useful product, many uses for both pets and people.It worksActually, I purchased based on a review from another brand of pads. The reviews stated over and over how another brand was great but nothing like medline, but medline was too expensive. So I tried the medline. Wow! Nothing gets through this. I actually use them for puppy pads and they are well worth the money. They are slightly higher but you get what you pay for! I highly recommend!!very good pad, only thing is they tear easy if using for bed pad under personI search for a floss that would replace my Listerine one and decided to try this a year or two ago. Actually, I like it better. It cleans well, it wraps around my fingers without binding down and hurting them, but don’t slip when wet. I don’t think I’ve ever had a floss that did all that. It costs a bit more than others, but I think it’s worth it.My dental hygienist recommended this to me. My first thought was, "What difference could the brand of floss you use matter."
After using Dr. Tung I know. I even ran a test using my old brand name floss and then the Dr. Tung. Dr. Tung
removed small particles left behind by my other floss.
Thanks to Kim I will not return to the old floss.
Great product.Recommended by our hygienist when unable to find our usual floss at the grocery or drug store. Nice dispenser, gets in tight places, but can expand to fuzzy if needed. Also, it’s strong, does not shred & is wax free!This floss is great for teeth that have both gaps and tight places. The flavor is natural and not too strong.Somehow this floss makes it a pleasure to floss.In the year or so that I've been using this product, the Floss worked perfectly, easy to slide out of the container. But yesterday, a NEW container was having a problem: the Floss had been loaded BACKWARDS not the "spool" and would NOT come out. If there's any way I can talk to the Production Staff, I'd appreciate it.Really love this floss…it holds up quite well and only had a problem with it shredding once…it does a great job of cleaning debris from between teeth and around each tooth. The flavor is great…while mint is fine for most, it is often too strong for my gums, causing them to become irritated. This is a nice, mild flavor. I’ve already stocked up on it…certainly don’t want to run out!I am a dental hygienist and I recommend this to all my patients who are interested in flossing effectively. Many floss, but are using products that are ineffective. This floss is easier to hold and has more surface area to grab plaque and debris. Significantly better product than any of the slippery style flosses available. I tell patients the slippery types of floss just “glide” past everything you are trying to remove.The best I've ever tried. I love the material the flavor. It is so nice to use. I never liked flossing. Now I do :)) I ordered 12 pcs at once because this is it.I've tried all kinds of flosses out there and this is super mega-miles the best. I have a very sensitive body and do not like those nasty artificial "mint" flavorings in conventional flosses. They make my gums burn. I used to use the "unflavored High-Tech" generic floss at CVS pharmacy but they stopped carrying it and only have the mint version - arrrhhhh- no mint! That's why I was so happy to discover Dr. Tung's natural floss with natural cardamom flavoring. It doesn't irritate my gums. The best part of this floss for me is that the fibers fan out really wide when between the teeth and I can visibly see much more "junk and plaque" on the string than with other brands.

NOTE: Some people are complaining of shredding. Here's my tip: a couple of years ago when I used to buy this product, it used to shredded a lot because my teeth are spaced very close together. They must have improved their floss because it rarely shreds anymore. Just maybe 20% of the time I used it. I noticed that it usually shreds in my back molars where the space is tightest. One way I learned to minimize shredding is to floss straight up and down in those tight spaces - meaning, I don't floss at an angle. I have found that this almost always minimizes the shredding. Also, some of my molars have pointy ends, so I'm wondering if this is just tearing the floss when it comes into contact with the jagged ends? I am just more careful not to let it touch the pointy parts of my teeth and I think that prevents cutting of the floss. Now go enjoy this amazing cloth-like floss. It's such a great sensation and makes flossing, dare I say, actually fun?!I have long-standing issues with gum recession and pocketing, and I therefore brush and floss religiously and sleep with a night guard. It was a losing battle until I threw out my electric toothbrush and bought a Colgate 360 manual brush. (Highly recommend.) Then we had some notable improvement, but only to a point. I had also been looking for a woven floss for ages, but even the nasty mint-infused one I used to use seems to have disappeared. My dentist told me even he couldn't get it anymore, but still recommended I get some if I could. So I went searching online, and stumbled across this floss. I bought a 6-pack in desperation, based on the ridiculously positive reviews. I didn't understand how a dental floss could generate such enthusiasm. I mean, it's floss! But it's not like any other floss I've ever used. My teeth feel so clean after I use it. Also, I love the taste. I love mint, but not in my floss. This flavor is much more natural than most dental products. But the kicker was this: My dental hygienist was amazed at the improvement in the pocketing after I had been using this floss for only a month or two! I brought some in for my visit, and both she and the dentist approved of it, though neither had ever heard of it. After getting confirmation that I wasn't delusional about how great this floss is, I ordered another 12-pack. It arrived almost immediately. Now I won't have to worry about running out for a good long while.If you want it to thicken up right away, you'll want you to run it under the faucet for a moment.My husband and I have used this for years! Very effective!Since they have stopped making the Listerine Gentle Gum Care Floss, I have tried tons of different flosses but this one is great! I thought the cardamom flavor was going to be weird but to be honest I hardly even notice it. It is strong and cleans very well.I tried Smart Floss for a while when the Listerine woven floss was discontinued.

I found that Smart Floss is easy to use, doesn't shred, and has a nice feel. It's thicker than other flosses but still slides well in my tight spaces. However, I've had more trouble with a few little spots of inflammation when using this, and my dentist could tell that I had been flossing daily but was puzzled about the inflammation and buildup. I ended up finding that this floss was not as effectively removing plaque from between my teeth, especially down near the roots, as other flosses I've used. I've been able to make it work better by "scrubbing" with it, but it just takes much longer to floss that way.

I'll probably be switching back to Hayden expanding floss, which I had also used for a while and which gave better results for me at the dentist office.Short version - This floss is perfection. Okay, I know it is just floss, but I am a huge fan of this stuff. I like is that it isn't minty - it supposedly has some sort of flavor, but I really don't notice it. Who needs flavor in floss? Also, I like that it isn't waxed. Waxed floss always seems to leave residue behind and this doesn't do that. The floss is woven so it expands when it needs to, but can stretch to fit easily between tight teeth. And, it isn't skinny and sharp so it doesn't cut into my gums. So yeah, perfect - I will be distressed if this ever goes off the market.Thick enough to get stuff out, thin enough to get inbetween my (very) closely spaced teeth and my teeth definitely feel clean, clean, clean after I use it. It never misses a speck! Price is great, also. Whenever I offer my friends some after lunch I preface it with "do you want to try the best floss ever?"

Side note: it does have a tiny amount of some "natural plant and bees was coating" which I think clumps up when I floss between particularly closely spaced teeth and it appears as if I have flossed out a tiny bit of white stuff. At first I thought it was stuff on my teeth, but after double checking with another floss I realized it's probably the wax. Now I just know what it looks like and ignore it. It is *very* subtle and doesn't leave residue in your mouth. (Definitely less coating than several of the other flosses I've tried)

Another note just in case you didn't know, if you floss something out from between teeth, make sure to keep flossing that space until nothing comes out. Just because you flossed there once, doesn't mean you got it all. I must say, however, this particular floss is pretty good and I rarely have to floss more than twice between teeth that had some food residue.Adjustable in teeth, so cleans betterworks well, quick deliveryProduct is just as described, and lasts a long time since there’s so many in the package. Gets the job done. I haven’t had too many issues with fraying or anything like that, which is nice since I have a lingual retainer. Doesn’t have a strong flavour, which is also nice. This is a great alternative to the Listerine Woven Floss.Follow the ratio instructions. Seriously, follow the ratio instructions on your machine, exactly. Use a pre-treatment (Zep urine spray) if you don't feel like it will be enough.

This completely removed 3 week old urine scent from area carpets. This is the one.I recently purchased this for my little green machine since I have 3 dogs at home. It works wonders cleans up all the pee stains and also doesn’t leave a bad smell afterwards. Really easy to use as well.Good productWorks great on pet messes.Works!!I love that this solution is pet friendly! It smells good and cleans very well!Having fur babies means accidents happen. This is a great cleaner for the smaller messes that may occur.For regular stains this product is great. I had blood stains and daughter had the same product except it had oxy in it and that really took out the stain.Didn’t deter my puppy from going potty in the same area It’s s good product though Didn’t deter my puppy from going potty in the same areaThis goes well with the little green upholstery cleaner. Easy to use and freshens up any upholstered item.This has a very pleasant scent and does wonderful cleaning my couch which I purchased it for. It was very simple to follow the directions and use.I have been using this for about 18 months and it is a lifesaver. I have a small poodle who likes to eat various items. He has gotten sick and had the runs several times. My carpet is a very light beige. It has cleaned up major messes with no sign left of the stains. Even my husband and son commented on how well it works. My only issue is the cost of the solution but it's worth it. Not sure if it would work on white carpet but I don't understand why people would buy a white rug with dogs. It does not say anywhere that it keeps your dog or cat from bad behavior though..Works well for stayingI wish I had purchased this before we got our puppy - it would have helped us eliminate all those accidents up immediately. This handheld vac is super easy to use: make sure it's charged, add the solution, spray, scrub, suck it all up. It really works on fresh dog pee in the carpet, and therefore prevents your carpetWorks great with my Spotbot.We've been using this for years with our Bissell. It's great at getting cat vomit out of the carpet!I loved the smell not perfumey or chemical smelling its light. Worked greatI got a Bissell Stain Eraser with Powerbrush Portable machine from Amazon a few months ago along with this cleaner. It is absolutely the best. I highly recommend both. I have beige carpeting and it cleans up my cat "vomit" with no stains left behind. The Bissell Boost is a good additive also. Try it. I think you'll like the results. I did, anyway!Me agradó mucho todoI like it.I used to have this on auto ship from GNC but they suddenly decided to stop carrying this particular brand. This is the best melatonin I've found for the price. Excellent value, highly recommend.Flavor is fine. I think that I sleep better on the days I use but still have some restlessness. Not sure how to gauge effectiveness honestly.Multiple droppers were brokenMy daughter (12) hates taking pills and funnies taste awful to her. So this was perfect for her! Take alone or mix with some juice and she sleeps so much better when she can’t relax her brain.After years of trying to get my kids to bed at a decent hour I finally asked their pediatrician what to do. My daughter has an autism spectrum disorder and is on an anti-depressant for mood disorders. I used to give her Hylands Calm Forte for Kids but we were up to eight tablets and it still wasn't effective. Not to mention I had to force them in her mouth so they'd dissolve. She knows if there is something in her drink and she will not take any medications that she can taste. Her psychiatrist suggested giving her Benadryl at bedtime but I am not comfortable doing that. She would have lights out then lay in bed for up to an hour each night. After reading online reviews of this product I purchased it for both my children. My daughter gets one dropperful (1ml) in Sprite and she doesn't even notice it. What a blessing.
I also bought it for our son who is five and hyperactive. He also has behavior disorders. He would toss and turn, talk, and fidget forever before he finally fell asleep. Even as a toddler at naptime in preschool he would not sleep and would keep the other kids awake with his restlessness. I started him on the 2 dropperfuls (2ml) which is the full dose. The first night he fell asleep after twenty minutes. I kept him on this dose until school let out. I now give him 1 dropperful each night and he falls asleep within thirty minutes usually. He takes it directly without mixing it into anything.

I truly recommend this product to anyone with children who have sleep difficulty. I wish I had started using this product years ago with my kids. I've had many late nights with my kids because they just couldn't fall asleep.I've been using this for my 7 year old for a couple of years. Prior to this, bedtime was a real beast, no matter how tired he was, where he would spend an hour and more playing, jumping up and down on and off the bed, and be completely hyper until he would finally quit and fall asleep. There was no way he would fall asleep early enough on school nights on his own. Now, I give him half or a little less than half of the dropper - he weighs 60lbs - in his night time juice, and he calms down, and about 30 - 45 minutes later, he is ready to get into bed for story time. The taste is so faint that you can hide it in almost anything, which I have to do, but it's not at all unpleasant if you want to use it straight from the bottle. This has let my child get the sleep he needs and saved my sanity. It's also great for me since I am a light sleeper and can't get back to sleep if I'm woken up. Just take a dropper full and I won't be staring at the ceiling for hours waiting for morning.Our pediatrician suggested a melatonin supplement to help our 3-year-old have a better sleep schedule. My husband is a night owl and she had slowly joined his routine. My daughter throws a fit anytime I try to giver her anything like medication and can only find pills and chewable tabs locally. I was so glad to find these drops on Amazon.

I add the drops to a small amount of sugar-free punch. She has no problems with it and will sometimes even ask for her "night time" drink. I have tried pills for myself in the past, but these drops work much faster.

I would describe the taste as citrus and a tad odd. It bothered me at first, but now it is fine. The directions say to take 2 ml, which should be 2 dropper fulls. I could not get the dropper to fill to the 1 ml mark, so I usually just fill it to the 0.75 ml mark 3 times, close enough. There is a 0.25 ml mark but it's harder to get it to that amount.

My sister and I were discussing melatonin supplements for our kids and I told her I had found drops on Amazon and she said she did too. I described the bottle (the name had escaped me) and they are the same ones she ordered, she loves this product too.

I just ordered my second time through Subscribe 'n Save and can't wait for it to arrive.Some will tell you melatonin supplements are "snake oil" and only trick you into thinking you'll fall asleep, so you do. I can say that Sleep Soundly does work, since my special needs daughter can't be given a placebo, since she is non-verbal and wouldn't understand the implication.

My daughter's sleep cycle is very easily interrupted by something as simple as an inactive day (uncommon, but occasionally we have a lazy weekend), and for years whenever this happened, we were having trouble getting her back on cycle. She would be up all night and then have trouble staying awake the next day... until we found this. Sleep Soundly warns it's not for children, so before giving it to her, we talked with our pediatrician and she said that it's safe enough that we could even give it to our toddler without ill effect; there's simply no way to overdose on melatonin (definitely talk to your pediatrician before giving this product to children, though. Never believe everything you read on the internet!).I normally don't write reviews but this stuff is awesome. My daughter has an extreme case of ADHD and even after waking up at 6:00 a.m. and having a day full of non stop playing, she fights her sleep everyday and will not actually fall asleep until midnight. After doing about 5 hours research and not finding any negative side effects I thought I'd try it. The best thing about it is that it taste like sugar so you can put it in milk or juice without them knowing. She can always tell if her apple juice or milk tastes different, but not with this. Some say it works within 5 minutes but my girl still takes around 30minutes to finally wind down then within the next 30 minutes, she passes out. Just ran out tonight and its going to be a long night I can tell. I don't understand how these kids can keep going all day non stop and still be wide awake at night. My daughter gets 10x better sleep with this and isnt cranky the next day from not getting enough deep sleep. If you are questioning whether it is healthy or not, I would say it's definitely healthier for your kids to get a full nights sleep and be well rested.I purchased this product for my son who is 11. I used to give my son a different type of drops when he was younger but it had a slight flavor to it which he didn't like. I then changed to the chewables since he was older. I couldn't figure out why they weren't working as well as the drops. It turns out he was hiding them in places around the house instead of taking them. I purchased these and they have been working like a charm. He can not taste any difference in his pediasure at night. He has been sleeping like he should be.This stuff really works! I take some about 20 minutes before I'm ready to go to sleep and it does the job in making me drowsy and getting me to sleep. The only reason I gave this 4 stars is that it doesn't help me stay asleep all night. I'll sometimes awaken a few hours later and am not able to get back to sleep. If it's at least 4 hours before I have to get up in the morning, though, I'll take a little more of this liquid to help me get back to sleep. I recently tried a "timed release" tablet version of Melatonin (also purchased on Amazon - see my other reviews) in hopes it would keep me asleep all night, but I ended up throwing the nearly full bottle of it in the trash because it did absolutely nothing -- it never even made me drowsy. I ended up buying this product again because I had such good luck with it helping me get to sleep.I was a little leery about using melatonin for my son but after reading the reviews I decided to give it a try. My son, who has special needs, was going through a rough patch and couldn't get to sleep at night. My doctor recommended melatonin. I chose this one based on others reviews myself. I give him two droppers an hour before bed and it immediately calms him and settles him for sleep. As others have mentioned, I give my son a "break" every month for about a week or so. I did notice that his night time sleep patterns would get disturbed, he'd be wide awake at 4:30. When that happened I would give him a break, he'd go down fine (because he was so tired from waking up early) and when I noticed him have trouble settling we would use it again. He has actually been off for a month now because he is going down fine without it. I think it's a great product: great value, non habit forming, and as no funky taste!With approval from the pediatrician we started this melatonin 2 weeks ago. I started off wGood product - has helped with sleep for quite some time!My dog has Cushing’s disease and the melatonin keeps her panting symptoms under control. Without it, I would have to put her on expensive medication.We have a 7 year old child with moderate autism, who has severe sleep disturbances. We,(us and our son)hadn't had a full nights sleep in years. Our son's pediatric neurologist prescribed 3 mg of melatonin a night to help him sleep. The change was immediate! The dosing is easy, small, and the taste is easily masked in any drink. Our son has his in his hot cocoa 30 minutes before bedtime. The first night he was asleep within 45 minutes of drinking the product. He stayed asleep all night, and he was well rested and easily roused in the morning. This has been the case ever since then. The changes during the day are amazing as well. He is more focused, happy, has fewer meltdowns. His teachers at school all have marked his improvement. He looks healthier, well rested. This brand is excellent. The dosing per bottle adds up to an incredible value. The only downside has been that the included dropper is not able to draw the entire dose in one pull. I just draw smaller multiple doses to keep the amount accurate.So I use these for my very active (borderline hyperactive) child. Sometimes he doesn’t want to go to sleep. These things are NO JOKE. There is a trick to them. You can’t give them to a child and let the child run free. These are best administered while reading a bedtime story or while giving an after bath lotion rub. Usually he’s out within 20 minutes and sleeps soundly. My other older children also use them and have great experiences sleeping.I'm using the product to replace the prescription drugs I take for sleep. They are hardcore addictive drugs that I have been taking for years. I've been taking Sleep Soundly Melatonin for a few days as well as cutting my Rx dosage in half. I've had a couple of good nights sleep so far. I know it's not going to happen overnight, but I have high hopes this will work for me. I have taken melatonin in tablet form before and I didn't get very good results at all.My niece has autism and ADHD so we have an extremely hard time with getting her to sleep on a regulated schedule. Her doctor recommend trying melitonon before we go to a prescription drug. We had tried the tablets but had a hard time getting her to take them so tried gummies and had no effect at all. We then purchased this as she takes liquor form medication the best so figured she might take this easier but expected it to have little or no effect on her in the end. We were so surprised when it kicked in with in 10 min or less! It has also allowed us to keep her on a lower dose than what we had to use with tablets and gummies to even get any effect from them.I loved the product but only received 1 bottle, I bought a pack of 3. Can someone from the company please reach out to me and send me the rest of my order.Update: I’m changing my initial review from 1 star to 3 because the desk is actually not so bad but the quality control is pretty shoddy. My initial desk came with pieces that were bent and warped beyond anything imaginable and the Walker Edison company was mostly unhelpful with fixing the issue. They essentially said to order a second one, swap out the parts I need, and ship the other one back. Now I have to figure out how to get this 60lb cumbersome box taped back up and delivered to my local UPS Store. Frustrating to say the least.

Now I’ll hope and pray the desk doesn’t become a ticking time bomb and the glass doesn’t randomly explode.
——
Save your money and your sanity and find a better desk elsewhere. First of all, if you order the Alexa curved desk, the keyboard slides are welded on and can’t be removed. Honestly, I could have tolerated that but the fact that I can’t even assemble this huge pile of junk takes the cake! The curved center piece came with a really shoddy welding job that was bent and broken. Because of that, the bolt holes no longer align so no matter what I do, there’s no assembling these two pieces. It can’t be bent back into place either. Trust me, I’ve tried.

I’ve reached out to the manufacturer but I’m doubtful as to how fast they’ll make this right. As of now, I’m stuck working on the floor with a broken desk that’s unreturnable. If they respond back or take measures to help, I’ll update this review. As of now, though, two thumbs WAY down!I would buy it at the sale price again with it's issues... But only in the same circumstances of placement and that I don't need the keyboard tray. Most likely I got an one off from the factory and you might have better luck.

I have three complaints that stem from one issue, measurements. One of the glass panels is slightly (nearly a centimeter) bigger front to back than the others making it not hold perfectly true in a corner. This could be fixed by adding a plastic edge to the back, but I don't think you can find one for the curve. The holes were slightly off center meaning I had to undo the rest in order to get everything to line up. Both of those issues were on the right side. The third is the keyboard tray on the left side won't fully close due to the back being slightly closer together than the front. I don't know if it's because the weld was done at a bit of an angle, an issue with placement of holes on the glass again or the length of the bars attaching the back legs. If not on sale Amazon has one without the keyboard tray for just slightly higher than the sale price of this one, and you can but a clamp on keyboard tray for about $25-$40.

For my purposes the desk doesn't need to be in a corner and the right side is the one on the wall, so you don't notice the first issue and I can use the keyboard on the top. Plus it was on sale, so it's cheaper than a similar model without the tray. It does look really nice and gives me much more space than my old setup, so I guess I can overlook the issues. And I'm not bothered enough to take it apart and send it in for a replacement.I love the look and simplicity of the desk. However the assembly was not the best. The measurements are slightly off so I struggled with making sure the glass didn’t overlap (which could result in shattering). Although the instructions suggest doing the larger glass pieces first, I recommend starting with the smaller middle piece and working your way out. In addition to that, the table just didn’t align correctly. I believe that’s an issue with the legs and how you secure them together. My biggest issue is was the keyboard tray. Due to the legs lack of proper alignment I was unable to install my keyboard tray at all which is a pretty essential part of this desk. I didn’t bother returning because I honestly think it’s an overall manufacturing issue. For the price it wasn’t a bad deal and it’s really stylish so that helps.Components don’t assemble or lineup very well, and the glass arrived chipped on one of the panels. I was able to file it down and smooth it out with a wet sanding cloth. The sliding keyboard tray is pretty much useless and the height is not adjustable.This desk is actually really nice looking, sleek, and modern. It has quite a bit of space for anything you need. The glass is tempered and is holding up well with some weight. The glass does not appear to scratch easily but it obviously needs to be cleaned often. The only issue I had was that one of the screw holes on the underside of the desk (attaching the left side of the frame to the center portion of the frame) was not drilled properly at all and became stripped. As long as you calibrate the position and torque of your screws after you've assembled the desk, the three separate glass tops will sit relatively flush with one another. Overall, especially for the price, this is an amazing desk.Assembly was straight forward and only needed an extra Phillips screwdriver. It fit together well. My only complaint is the glass panels didn't exactly match up on one "corner" where it the end piece met the corner triangle piece. It was small but noticeable. Figured for the price and the fact they are mass produced, it was reasonable. Assembled it is very sturdy and I already have it loaded up with a laptop and extra monitor and several notebooks. I did follow a previous reviewers suggestion and used the keyboard tray as a stand for the monitor. That required a trip to the hardware store for some legs and drilling thru the corners of the metal frame of the keyboard piece.This is a very sturdy table, and looks really nice now that it is set up.

The Cons: when you go to fit the glass on the table the holes do not align at all you will be forcing it to fit. This part was frustrating and almost sent it back. I am sure it was a defect in the manufacturing of the holes. But this does need work. So we dont plan on having to take it down anytime soon. Because it was such a pain to get the glass on top to align. Everything else was great. We just did a lot of walking away from it while putting the glass pieces on.lol It was for my son who is six foot he is not able to use the keyboard drawer, he is to tall so he took it out another down side. Howerever with that being said he just puts the keyboard on top no biggie and took the drawer out. At the price point once together it is a sturdy table. But if you are tall and having the keyboard drawer matters this table will be to short for the tall people. Hope this helpsI need to mention that I got this for 50% off on sale. If I’d paid the sticker price of over $200 I would absolutely not be okay with what I got.

Assembly was a pain in contrast to what others have said. It’s just screwing things together but I must have ended up with a part that is too small or otherwise ill fitting somewhere in here. I’ve managed to get every screw into every hole but some of them required a monumental effort on my part and it was clear I was pushing the pieces to their limits to get it together. At the same time I can only really say every piece is screwed in, unfortunately I’m left with one of the glass panes at a pretty noticeable slant. I wouldn’t be able to fluidly slide something across the right angle of the desk for example.

I’d be cautious about the leg room if you need the keyboard tray. I’m pretty thin and 5’11 so far from a giant and it’s definitely pushing it. I don’t really feel this is shown accurately in the images.

The glass is quite nice but the legs themselves definitely have a super cheap look to them, huge welding marks at the corners and all.

Overall it’s about the minimum of what I’d have been okay with at the sales price. If you’re seeing it for $200 I’d look elsewhere.I needed a stylish desk bigger but not too big for home office. It was easy to assemble and it’s very sturdy. It has an extra warp around for a laptop or other items. I love it!Buyer Beware! After setting this up a few months later the glass has popped out of place with the silver brackets that was attached to it. The corner piece is now just resting on the metal and so is the right side. I haven't had this this for not even a year yet and it's broke. Now I can probably super blu the brackets back on to the glass but I would have to disassemble the entire desk to do so which is a pain in the butt and I'm afraid the desk might actually shatter. SELLER IF YOU'RE READING THIS PLEASE CONTACT ME FOR A REPLACEMENT. THANK YOU.PROS:
- Fits perfect in small spaces
- Looks great!

CONS:
- Keyboard tray not big enough for standard size keyboard + mouse. You will need a smaller keyboard or you'll end up putting the mouse on the desk top.
- Annoying to build. Had to unscrewI love the office table for my small office room. Love the glass look in my office setting, I have a double screen on this table but my keyboard pull out never worked and fell off the desk, I now use the top of table for keyboard.It’s a desk that fits in my space. Not sure how other people were able to change around which side the keyboard part was on, since the fittings for it are welded on. The sliding mechanism for the keyboard is a bit difficult to use. I’ve got long legs and each section is pretty narrow, so I bump it a bit, but not too badlyI love my desk! I had seen another desk at Office Depot dame design but it was larger and more money. I saw this desk and knew I could get same look but better because the size of this desk is more appropriate for my space. I gave it 4 stars and not 5 because the corner glass piece did not align properly with the two halves during assembly. It’s a little off but the desk still looks great.Great for small space but assembly is a bust! Nice style but good luck getting the top glass pieces to align with holes and the sliding keyboard tray instructions were awful. Took me and dh over an hour to get it right and even then, it doesn't slide smoothly. Illustrations for tray in instructions are not the same as the actual armsIt was not as easy to assemble as I would have preferred. Yes the instructions were very easy and clear however the pieces did not fit together 100% when it was time to screw them down. It worked out for the most part so I am pleased with the desk.This desk sits pretty low, and the glass panel that is supposed to hold the keyboard is pretty much useless unless you're a very short person. I've had to remove it so that my legs have more leg room and I place my keyboard and mouse on top of the desk. I am 6'2. Other than that, it's fine.The desk is really nice and fits the space I need it to. It was definitely a 2-man job to build it. Instructions were simple enough. There were some adjustments that had to be made to put the legs together and have the glass sit properly but it fit just fineI absolutely love my desk. Its beautiful, has plenty of leg room for a 5ft girl Lol. Sturdy and holds my big monitor and 2 small speakers. It came well packaged, and I received it a day early. However, the instructions as I was told by my frustrated fiance who assembled it, could have been better written. Other than that, im in love with my desk and not to mention you can't beat that price.I purchased this desk for a home office that might double as a guest room so space was an issue for me. This L-shaped desk fits nicely in the corner and is big enough for me to have plenty of workspace but also not completely dominate the room.

The desk took a little over an hour to put together and the instructions were pretty easy to follow.

The construction seems sturdy and once put together the desk looks really modern.

My only negatives (very minor) are first, the package that the desk comes in is really really heavy. I went to go pick it up from my apartment office and I could not lift it, no one in the office could lift it, and one my husband got there he had a lot of difficulty trying to lift it.
Also, in the picture it shows a stand for the tower. This is basically just a rectangular piece of metal that sits on the floor, not connected to anything and to me, doesn't really serve much of a purpose.

Overall, the desk is great and I would definitely recommend it - I would just suggest you have someone there with you to help you carry the box.It's tough to find jeans that fit and look flattering on a tall skinny guy like me, but these do the trick. Bonus points to Amazon for being one of the few retailers that carry them in my size (31x34... not even the Levi's store has them!).

These have a similar fit to classic 501s, but with a lower rise that is more fashionable and also much more flattering on a long-legged man. I could use a little more room in the crotch and a bit of a boot cut would be nice, but overall the fit is very good.

The waist tabs are a cool detail but have no real practical purpose. The snaps aren't very strong and will come unsnapped if you use the tabs to adjust the fit. This isn't really a con for me though because the jeans fit me so well to begin with and I always wear a belt anyway.

The fabric is also great; it's soft and no break in period is necessary.

The color is a very nice dark blue, which allows them to be dressed up or dressed down. I should mention that there was a lot of excess dye in these jeans. I had to wash these several times before they stopped dying my legs blue (they also dyed the back of my messenger bag, which tends to rub against my thigh as I walk). It's not an issue anymore now that I've had them for a couple months, but it was very frustrating in the beginning.

Update: I've had these jeans since August, 2010, and they are still going strong. They have faded considerably and look super-casual with a lot of whiskering. They are also prone to stretch a fair amount and need to be washed and dried on high heat after several wears to shrink them back down to a comfortable size. Still, the denim has held up really well aside from some fraying on the left front pocket and they are still my go-to jeans. Just wish I could find another pair in my size with this wash.What is wrong with the designers at Levi's?? They create a perfect pair of blue jeans (the 514's are the ONLY jeans I'll buy), and then the designers will do really stupid things to them, like sew on snap-tabs at the waist or a semi-hidden zippered pocket on the right hip (both of which this pair is cursed with), or ridiculous jean-jacket button flaps on the rear pockets (this pair doesn't have those, but Levi's makes 'em). Thanks for wasting my time, Levi's... these are going back.I love these jeans. Who would have though that after years of paying like $200 for jeans, my favorites would cost less than $40. The wash is awesome, the fit is perfect and they are well constructed. I have no butt, and the way these jeans fit makes good use of what little I have back there. Love the back pocket details as well.I have a 527 boot cut, it's kinda like this one! nothing else to say! Wish they make it in Sail color!goodFue una muy buena compra, excelente calidad, tallas ideales, lindos diseños actuales. Recomiendo a todoas a comprar este producto, se llevarán una buena sorpresa y le encantará si es un regalo para alguien.googIt doesn't get any better than this :
good quality ( fabric,color,cut & stitching )
good price
very comfortable

Love em .very goodWas very disappointed in the very thin light weight fabric in these jeans. A denim jean supposedly but for winter wear would not be feasible. Need to make these in a heavier denim.I only buy Levi's online - simply because I know what the cut and fit is going to be like when I get it. As usual it did not disappoint.You say it is running late, but it was delivered two weeks ago. Everything is OK. No action needed.Better quality than any other paper towel, they are a class all by themselves. Yes, they are sturdy, and not so loosely wound that they fly off when you want to grab some. For those that struggle with having to use them one-handed, I would suggest pre-loosening one in anticipation before an "emergency", so it is easy to grab when your hand(s) is(are) mucky; not so difficult. Some would think this too "unsightly", to have a sheet or two hanging loosely, but their lives will be made difficult in all matters with that mindset. Also, using a firmly mounted towel holder, like an under-the-cabinet towel holder, rather than a countertop stand, will hold it firmly enough to pull off a sheet. I actually quite happy that they don't unroll too easily and flop about. I don't want the entire roll coming off in one tug. They hold still, so they can be torn off without too much coming unrolled, and with one can tear it off with just one hand, rather than having to steady the roll so it won't all come undone. When I know I'm going to need to use some, whether for cooking, in the art studio, or whatever and wherever, I take off what I know I'll need and I have it ready to go. It's kind of a no-brainer. And if you're using it without a holder and you happen to drop the roll, it won't go bouncing off, unrolling as it goes along. Well, it may go bouncing off, but it won't unroll everywhere. I like that.

Viva, don't change a thing… if it ain't broke, don't fix it. Viva has a loyal following for those who want a thick, useful paper towel, one that isn't loosely wound, like the other brands that give a false appearance of having more of their filmsy junk than is actually there. The "Choose-A-Sheet" is just right, as often what is needed is either the smallest option, a single sheet (equal to a regular "half sheet"), or three sheets (equal to a regular sheet-and-a-half).The most soft paper towel I’ve ever used. I love themI just have to say that I love these paper towels. They are soft, absorbent, and can substitute as a napkin at the table, even for a more formal meal, in a pinch.

Yet, there are downsides. I'll address them:

1) These paper towels are expensive. As a stay-at-home mom, I feel as if these paper towels are a splurge. And yet, they are so useful. When using a paper towel to swipe at a yucky mess on the kitchen counter (like raw chicken juices), I only need one small piece of paper towel (the choose-a-sheet option is so handy). When cleaning bathroom mirrors, a full sheet takes care of an entire mirror. When we grab a roll to keep in the car, a child can use a sheet as a "plate" for small bites of cheese and salami and then wipe his or her hands on it afterwards.

2) Store brands work just as well. Sorry; I beg to differ. These paper towels are so soft that I can wipe my two-year-old's face with them and she doesn't complain. The paper towels are so absorbent that just one usually does the trick. Furthermore, it is even fun to use them because they do feel like a splurge!

3) The natural-minded family should be using cloth paper towels and napkins. Yeah, I agree with that one. You should check out Moo Cow Mama's Etsy listings for bright, adorable cloth napkins: https:While the price point for the Viva line may be a bit higher as compared to other leading brands, the extra few cents per roll is well worth it. These towels are sturdy and absorbent for cleaning up any mess, but work well for a wide variety of tasks. The select-a-size is an added bonus since you do not have to waste an entire sheet for something less daunting. I keep a few rolls out in the garage for general use (paint, grease, oil cleanup) as well as one in each of my vehicles. They have the durability to be squeezed out and reused for applications like water cleanup. The only drawback is a relatively minor one - when cleaning glass or similar objects such as a car, there are a few tiny fibers which are left behind. This makes it a bit more challenging to use them for Windex, and probably shouldn't be used on a car if you care about tiny scratches. You should stick to a lint-free cloth for electronic screen and car finishes as you might expect. This particular deal on Amazon (4 packages with 6 rolls each) is priced just a little bit better than local retail. When you consider prime shipping and not having to pick these up at the store, the value goes up a bit (normally you pay a price for convenience). I have re-ordered these on Amazon for the past 3 years, probably every 2 months. Great buy.OK, this is going to sound like the rave of a crazy person—or worse, someone who works for Viva—but I swear it's all true.

I'm not big on brands names. I'm usually willing to give a generic brand a try to see if it's any good. I couldn't tell you what brand of toilet paper I last bought or which orange juice is in my fridge right now. I have a number of brands I like, often a few I absolutely hate, but I just buy the one that's the least expensive at the time I'm buying it.

There are a few exceptions, and Viva is on that very short list. A friend had raved about Viva and I gave her my speech about how I really don't have favorites of most things, that I try to shop frugally without giving up quality. But the more I used them, the more I liked them. To me, Viva feels more like a very lightweight cloth than paper. They last a good long time when I'm working in the kitchen and I like that they offer the Choose-a-Sheet rolls (what the bigger brand calls Select-A-Size, which is admittedly a much better name). I find I almost never use more than the half-size sheets now.

Just as my friend showed me why she likes Viva, I've done the same with my mother. In fact, mostly as a joke I gave her a three-pack of rolls for Christmas (among other things; don't start telling me I'm a terrible son), but mostly to keep her from stealing them from my pantry when she visits.When Amazon dropped Viva giant from the sub & save program a month ago I turned to these. I figured they might make a reasonable substitute for roughly $23 per month. What could it hurt, after all these are the same towels just with big instead of giant and with a handy choose-a-size option right?

Wrong.

1. They are thinner
2. They don't hold up as well and tear (compared to Viva original--they will likely hold up better against other brands)
3. They are rougher slightly abrasive than Viva Giant.

and this was the worst imo:

4. They leave lint--lots of it, EVERYWHERE. On your table, wood surfaces, counters, mirrors, skin -- it's really ridiculous. When you need to re-rinse or look for a no lint towel to wipe up the dusty lint left by the paper towel you just used, then there's definitely a problem. This was very visible especially on my glass table top and mirrors.

With Viva giant if I needed to do a quick cleanup for say a food drip on a jacket or the kids needed to wipe their hands or face before dodging out, all I had to do was a damp touch up. Big mistake with these towels. What ever you wipe would need to be rinsed off. Lint gets on eyelashes & face and heaven help you if you wiped clothes. Dark or light the lint would then need to be washed or rinsed out.

Silly me I thought choose-a-size meant same towel wThese are absolutely horrible paper towels. I do not understand the rave reviews. Perhaps I got a bad batch. I bought a big pack (24 rolls). I wish I could return them. I do not often give one star reviews but here is why this product absolutely deserves my one star:

Let's get the pros out of the way first: Pros:
* The paper towel adheres to the roll. This makes it easy to grip and pull only as much as you need. (It also tends to 'stick' to other surfaces, see "cons")
* The paper towels are very soft. I guess this is a Pro for some people but not for me. I don't understand why a paper towel needs to be soft since you aren't generally using a paper towel on sensitive areas on your skin. BathPaper towels, the most used towels in my household throughout the day. We go through at least a roll per day so its important to select a brand that provides the most bang for the buck. In our quest for the ideal paper towel, we've encountered cheap, melt in our hands type and durable, strong as real cloth type. Viva paper towels fall towards the latter type. They are high quality, soft, absorbent and feel like real cloth. They don't melt when they get in contact with water. They are durable and can actually be re-used if needed. For example, after using a towel to dry our hands, we sometimes wipe the sink andI was skeptical because I've always been a Bounty guy and EVERY other non Bounty paper towel I've tried has been a massive fail (Sparkle most recently). So like with Q-Tips (always use the proper Q-tips because the knock offs are terrible always), I have remained loyal to my select a size. But I read good reviews and took a flier trying these out. Glad I did. It literally took me 6 rolls to decide how I felt about them relative to Bounty. I finally think I've decided I like them better. Both are 5 star products. The difference is that Viva is a decidedly cloth like feel vs. an absorbent paper like feel. The Viva are super absorbent and you can wring them out and reuse them (great for a counter spill). The texture is good for a nice napkin, which I need because I don't use napkins. Totally worth a try. You may wind up loving the cloth feel of these and switch. If you don't love it, at least you aren't suffering through terrible quality paper towels you just wish would go away. You'd be using these and still impressed with how well they work.OMG! We'll Never Buy Paper Rolls Again! At first glance these roles of soft cloth-like sheets appear to be smaller than rolls that boast more sheets and are marketed as jumbo, Giant, etc... When actually while these single ply roles are actually tighter rolled sheets yielding a more capable, more cost-effective product per sq ft. Than Brawny, Bounty, Scott, Great Value, or any other sheet paper product we tried. SUPERIOR for house cleaning! FANTASTIC on the new Glass Top Stoves! SUPERIOR for spill pickups! SUPERIOR ABSORBENCY! SUPERIOR for cleaning car interiors, dashboards ...even armor all application too! Soft enough to clean jewelry with and even apply makeup with! A SIMPLY AMAZING product with ENDLESS USES! In fact, We haven't found a project yet where it didn't come out on top! And no, we do not have any affiliation with the manufacturer other than making a verified purchase here on Amazon! Try it ...It'll replace all those specialty wipes and you'll never buy traditional paper rolls again!

PRODUCT UPDATE: THRILLED with these! Constantly finding new uses! Moisten lightly for GREAT RESULTS on Laptop screens, Computers and Monitors!!! its uses are endless!!! :-)

3 MONTH USAGE UPDATE... We've had to change our 5 STARS rating to 1 STAR due to continued manufacturing defects! We had to send our last case order back and CANCEL our subscribe and save orders on these! Firstly, the manufacturer is aware of a problem with the sheets being so tightly wound on the cardboard core that they have a tendency to crush or deform the core which prevents these sheets from dispensing properly on ANY HOUSEHOLD DISPENSER! Additionally, the third case shipment we received had defective sheet perforations which did not allow for the sheets to tear individually causing a real mess as each sheet would shred in pieces trying to come off the roll! :-(
While we were extremely enthused with the product and its extended uses far beyond that of ordinary paper towels when we received our first case, its just NOT WORTH THE CONTINUED STRUGGLE to attempt to use this product as received defective multiple times! While the cloth like material is a great idea, the manufacturers quality control is terrible resulting in continually defective product being shipped.These are the only paper-towels I buy anymore! They are extremely durable yet soft enough to clean off an infant's messy face! I subscribe to these every 6 months and I think I end up buying maybe one or two additional single rolls at the grocery store until my next order, but we use paper-towels almost daily. The nice thing about them is that, say I use them to dry my hands, I can use the same paper towel multiple times before I need to throw it away; it is virtually a hand towel. I have used it to cleanI slice these rolls in half and use them to make wipes for diaper changes. They are the only paper towel I've ever tried that I would do that with. With the choose-a-size rolls, the wipes rip off in neat little squares--just like store-bought wipes, but without any weird chemicals or alcohol. These wipes are lovely.
Wipes recipe for any moms or dads who found the store-bought wipes were giving their baby diaper rash: 2 tbsp pure aloe vera gel, 1 tbsp Dr. Bronner's castille soap, 1 tbsp witch hazel extract (should be no more than 15% alcohol). Combine with 2 cps freshly boiled water, pour over half a roll of Viva paper towels (cut side down), big rolls, in a sealable container. Let thoroughly absorb, pull out the cardboard roll, and start pulling out your wipes from the center. Happy wiping! (Pro-tip: cut the paper towel rolls in half with a very sharp straight blade knife, sharpening the knife again between rolls. I somehow thought a serrated blade would work better and used that for a while, but that just makes a mess.)I ordered 6=15 rolls. I received 6=12 rolls. I'm not happy with this substitution!!I'm a big fan of Viva paper towels. I've been using them for many years. I've tried other paper towels, but Viva's softness and absorption are the best. Other paper towels tend to sop up a spill, these actually absorb a spill. I'm not one to waste paper, so the ability to use a single towel to clean a mess is a huge bonus. I like to use the half sheet towels. If it's a toddler-sized spill, I may have to use 2 half sheets, but rarely more than that. Viva paper towels do leave fibers behind if washing windows, so I do also use super-cheap, thin paper towels (usually store brand recycled paper) for dusting, windows and mirrors.
I buy these through subscribe & save. The price is always the same or better than at the store and I no longer worry about running out of paper towels.We've bought Viva paper towels for years now. They're better, in our opinion, than any other paper towel on the market. It took a little while to get used to the choose a size function but it's actually nice to be able to pull off a short piece to clean up small messes. Less waste, towels last longer. Amazon's been a great source and so far has been between a bit and a lot cheaper than buying them at the grocery store plus they come right to the front door.When I found the Viva towels, choose a size, I was overwhelmed with joy. I have always thought there was such a waste with the other brands and their full size.

My husband was the first to start to use them instead of regular Kleenex tissues. Then I started. These towels have really saved us money. We have just started on Social Security and a very fixed income, so the additional use saves us much needed money. They also do a great job cleaning both in the kitchen as well as in the bathroom. I am glad Amazon has reduced the price again. When Amazon raises the price to $45 or $55 a carton I can find them at Walmart for the same $33 a case... and both have shipping for free...(I am a Prime Amazon shipper and Walmart has free shipping with a certain amount of purchases).

I cannot say enough about how great Viva is as well as such a money saver!Just the Best! Got these on sale one time a few yrs. ago at a local store. After I tried them I went back for more, but they were cleared out! From then on out I find deals online and buy in bulk. These will last you a long time! For two people 2pks lasted more then 6 months. Love the pick a size the best. Yes they might leave a little lint but these feel and work like a wash cloth you toss away. I used them to scrub everything, glass stove top with the cleaner using very little 1-2 (2 makes one reg size of others that would tear up before I finished) Spills or in the garage to wipe off the oil on your hands you name it.I love these paper towels. They are the only ones that I will buy from now on. They are very soft, kind of like a cloth, but thick. I do not need to buy dishcloths or sponges anymore, I have scrubbed with this paper towel. At first I did not because I was afraid it would fall apart, but alas, it did not fall apart even while scrubbing the stove top. You could even use these to blow your nose on, it's softer than some tissues and great to use as a napkin.. I also like the Choose-a- Size feature also. They are expensive, but it is nice to feel a soft, strong paper towel that can take a scrubbing. My husband even likes them and told me to not buy any other paper towels. My mother even liked them. Viva is the superior paper towel by far than any other brand.Believe it or not, I have had every contractor and customer in my building ask were I got these from as they feel like shop towels and work great. I tell them and they can't believe its from Amazon and the price. These are high quality, better quality than even I expected when I ordered them for the company. Now I order them for my home as well. Absorbency is really good, might be beat by a bigger brand, but still better than cheap ones. Where the difference is, is the strength. it beats all other bigger brand ones by far, it compares to a blue shop towel. May it be food spill, cleaning, killing a spider these are the paper towels to get it done.Great gift for a toddler!I think this doll looks kind of cheap and also creepy but my almost 2 year old daughter loves it. The doll doesn't sit well on the potty which is why we bought it but my daughter was so cute feeding the doll her bottle. She was obsessed with giving this doll her bottle!I bought this for my daughter to help get her interested in potty training. It honestly just annoys me because it’s messy and she needs a lot of help to play with it. The bottle holds more water than the toilet so it overflows. The doll is hard to position on the toilet and doesn’t stay. And it’s hard to feed her the bottle while she’s upright on the toilet. But the water goes right through the doll, so she has to be on the toilet. It is cute watching her try to put the diaper on her (it’s not waterproof, FYI), but she needs help with that, too. She also needs help putting the clothesI really like this doll. She’s perfect!I purchased this doll to use with the book "Toilet Training in Less Than a Day". This doll does not function exactly as needed for that method but it was the closest I could find and we made it work.

In that method, the idea is to give the doll a drink, take her to the potty, pull down her underwear and then have her go potty. This is important so you can train the child using the doll on the proper way to go potty and then what to do if you have an accident. The problem is, as soon as you start giving this doll a drink, she starts to wet.

To make do, we held her on her back directly over the potty chair while we gave her a drink and then tipped her up into the sitting position over the potty chair. It worked okay but isn't as effective as it could be for the lesson being taught.

Potty training aside, she is a pretty doll with eyes that open and close. She is well made with nice coloring. Her clothing, bottle, and potty chair are all well constructed.I ordered this for a great-granddaughter's third birthday. She was totally enthralled with it. I can't take a photo because she took it home to Florida with her but I can say she strapped the doll in on the airplane and took her out to hold up to the window so the doll could see they were on an airplane. Pretty cute, huh? Will add the caution that the doll DOES WET so before feeding be sure you are prepared for the water to come out quite quickly. A fun experience.I bought this to encourage my daughter to potty train. I suppose it might have helped her get the idea a little, but really it has just been a fun doll for her to play with, particularly the fact that it can go in the bath and it can go potty. If you are using it for potty training, be aware that the water goes immediately through the doll, so you must have it positioned on the potty to catch the water or the doll will have an "accident". I found it difficult to hold the baby, the potty and the dolly, particularly if I attempted to put my daughter on the big potty too. The doll does not sit well on the potty by herself. I actually found it easier to have my daughter give the doll the bottle while I held the doll over the real toilet than to try to mess with the little potty that comes with the doll. However, she has had lots of fun with it and it comes with fun accessories - like the undies, diaper, binky, etc.My daughter is 2.5 and loves this doll! She is doing some awesome pretend play with her; it’s fun to watch! She sits well, her eyes close when she’s laying down, the pacifier stays in her mouth when you put it in all the way. We have not tested out the drink water and wet feature yet, so I can’t comment on that yet. I gave this a lower score primarily because this baby doll, who you feed with a bottle and who wears diapers, has noticeable breasts! Lumps that actually stick up. I’m disappointed, especially because I trust Melissa and Doug products. I mean, why are boobs necessary on a baby? But other than that, we love Annie.My daughter loves this doll. I saw a video on it with helping with potty training. If you give this baby water, make sure it's already wearing the diaper or is sitting on the potty that comes with it (as the water just goes straight down). It does not easily sit on the potty by itself, you may have to hold it on there. The bottle is very specific to this baby. If you lose it, no other bottle that I've found will work with it. However, for the price, it's a great doll and my daughter loves taking on and off the diaper. She also loves that it came with big girl panties and a hat (which doesn't stay on the head that good). It's well made, arms and legs move freely. Again, she loves this doll and they go potty together a lot.Absolutely love Melissa and doug but I should have looked at the description before I ordered it. Overall quality is very good.This is a sweet, small doll that’s solid but plastic. My daughter asked for a doll that can go in the tub and wet a diaper. This did both for a great price. I did return it for a doll that does #2 as well. But, overall great doll!Purchased this doll for my 18 month old granddaughter for Christmas as requested by her mom. Didn't pay much attention to what I was actually ordering until it arrived and then I was tickled by how absolutely perfect it is for a toddler. She was delighted with her "baby" and was easily able to carry it around and to give it the bottle and pacifier that came with it, and to sit it in the chair-- in and out, over and over, that's what 18 month old's do and she couldn't have been happier. I found a little bag to hold the accessories so they didn't get swept up with the Christmas wrappings, and it was all intact when she left here 4 days later. Whether she will be able to keep the pieces together or not we'll have to see but I'm betting she will have this baby for a very long time. Highly recommend!I bought a different one for potty training my first child and that one broke quickly. This one seems sturdier. I like that the water doesn't go into the doll unless you squeeze the bottle. That made it easier to not make a mess.My 2-year old granddaughter is just learning to go potty and really likes her doll mimicking potty-training & diaper change along with eyes that wake & sleep. The water bottle is great except you have to feed her sitting slightly reclined on the potty as the water does go right through her or the cloth diaper if she's wearing it-which they warn does this. The bottle is a little bit big for my little one to squeeze on her own in order to get the water into the dolly. But that's okay. We play with it together if she's using a filled water bottle. When I'm not around she can play with it all as long as the water bottle is empty and still has fun with the non-water play as well.My pre-schooler loves this baby doll. I wanted an all plastic doll (versus one with a soft cloth midsection) that was more realistic with closing eyes. (I gave 4 stars instead of 5 due to one eye doesn't completely close.) But still a great doll. She is the perfect size for my 4 yr old. With movable armsMy 4 and a half year old daughter wanted a baby doll that she could feed and would go potty, so this looked like a great option and we were happy with the quality of the items. It is a little bit of a juggling act to get Annie to sit on the potty and drink at the same time without falling or squirting, but my daughter enjoyed it. She was heartbroken when we left the bottle on an airplane after vacation because that takes most of the fun out of the set. We have called the airlines, called Melissa and Doug (who do not have that particular bottle available to send as a separate item) and are now experimenting with making our own bottle. My suggestion would be to have an extra bottle in the kit - always good to have a backup with these small toys for small kids. Suggestions from anyone else who has dealt with this issue welcome!Bought this for my daughter for her second birthday. She enjoys playing with it and it is a great size for her. The main struggle we have is getting the doll to balance on the potty; she has to have my help most every time and now has struggled enough that she brings it to me instantly to get it set-up for her. The doll pacifier is also a little bit difficult for a child to put in the doll's mouth on her own. This is not a problem when we are playing together, but if she is playing on her own, this is a difficult toy to play with 100% at this age. Otherwise, great choice and so glad we chose this doll for her help in potty training!This is a really, really cute doll - far cuter than anything else I have seen for the money. Her rosebud outfit is adorable. Both my daughters have spent hours bathing her, dressing her, and diapering her. Her dress, velcro-ed up the back, is easy even for a young toddler (18 months or so) to put on. Her hat comes off easily, but goes on reasonably easily, too. The pacifier and bottle are fun accessories. And the little potty is fun, too - but as other reviewers have noted, the "drink and wet" aspect of the doll is a little weird. Water goes right through her. But that weirdness as a drink-and-wet makes her absolutely perfect for giving a doll-bath. Water doesn't get stuck inside her. And our little Annie has survived hundreds of baths with no noticeable impact on her face.It's a cute doll with a sweet face. We love that the eyes close. My 5 year old daughter wanted a baby that had a potty and would go pee. (I didn't want to get anywhere near those Baby Alive dolls since they're so expensive and I can't handle their huge heads and molded plastic hair, no matter how fun they could be!) She's old enough to play with the doll without making a huge water mess, although I've encouraged her to play with it in the bathtub so we don't have to worry about keeping the water in one place! The accessories are nice and the outfit is cute and soft. Pay attention to the size of this doll... 12". It's really quite small! Despite that, my daughter has had and is having a lot of fun with it.My 16 month old loves her new baby doll! This Melissa & Doug doll is a great first doll for baby and comes with every accessory you will need. The outfit is high quality and adorable (almost something you'd put on your own child in their size!). My only cons with this doll--the bonnet doesn't stay on too well and the pacifier is hard to keep in the doll's mouth. Other than that, it's wonderful! My toddler quickly figured out how to put the bottle in the doll's mouth and put her on the toilet. We aren't using it for the drink & wet feature yet but we tried it out and it works as expected!Most excellent white tea (esp. considering it's tea bags).Most excellent white tea (esp. considering it's tea bags).I like that it was easy to handle it didn't give me razor bumps like most razors usually do this one is a keeperThis was a bargain buy. Great for Sensitive skin. These razor are expensive at the pharmacy and they never have the waxing strips since they are cheaper than the razors at the store so Amazon came through for the win with these.I LOVE THESE!I CAN GO A WEEK TO WEEK AND HALF WITHOUT HAVING TO SHAVE....... THESE ARE AMAZING,!!!Venus razors are my go to. These are for sensitive skin and helps my skin to not break out or itch. Would recommend!Work greatMy go too razors. Perfect for my sensitive skin and priced well.I have sensitive skin and these really work great for shaving!Usually new razors easily give me cuts but these razors are perfect for sensitive skin! It feels smooth on the skin and I would definitely repurchase these.Easy to use. Good valueI love itThey are good to remove light volume hair.Good for sensitive skin and easy to useNice set of 3 razors. It is easy to hold. It works good on my sensitive skin. They are more expensive than my throw away dollar store razors but, the quality is superior.Worked great! Smooth and gave a close shaveEasy to use safer for sensitive areasBest purchase I madeMuy bienLeaves my skin smooth I can’t find these in storeWife loves these razors.Glad to locate these today and use them every morning, you will not cut yourself with this product.MY CRITIQUE
Compared to the Gillette Fusion they're more cost effective for me. You see I have a very very coarse beard and moustache. When I shave it doesn't even seem like I shaved. Sometimes I kid myself by saying that my facial hair is like barb wire. Haha. I'm trying to play it off a little bit but it can be seriously detrimental to your self image if you don't learn to have a thick skin or take things too personally. Anyway back to the review. Of course they (the Mach 3s) don't shave as close or as smooth as the Fusion blades but they're the next best thing. And they don't cost nearly as much. They're still sorta pricey as you guys who have a budget can probably attest to. But what makes 'em a bit costly for me is that the blades only last me for like two or three good close shaves. After that they start cutting wimpy again. It's a little more cost effective if I buy them in bulk. That's why I buy the 15 packs. Matter of fact that's what got me sucked in to writing this review for you guys. I need to get some more. And it doesn't help that my skin is not only producing coarse hair it's also a little more sensitive than most men's skin. So I feel razor burn a little more than most men too. And although it's not seriously bad I do feel a little twinge of it every day under my chin.

MY SHAVING TECHNIQUE
When I shave I have to really prepare my beard and face 1st by washing my face and taking a very warm 8-10 minute shower (exclusively on my beard). I know this isn't for everybody but it's better for my really coarse hair. Anyway I wash it of course in order to remove any oils and debris that has built up throughout the previous day so that nothing will impede the cutting of the hairs. The very warm water (not real hot mind you. Just hot enough before it starts getting a little too uncomfortable. That's all.) to soften the beard where the beard can come off rather easily. It may not come off like a hot knife thru butter but it makes the hairs under my sideburns just fall off. And bc my hairs tend to lay flat when I shave I apply a little Williams Lectric Shave pre-shave solution on my dry face after I dry off to supposedly make the hair stand erect. It seems to work a little but I still get a little uncut hairs left. Then after I wet my face I put a few drops of shave oil on my face to help the blade glide more across my face to help prevent cuts. Then I put the shave gel or cream on. Now for me bc I have very coarse hair, especially around my mouth, I have to make two passes. You may only have to do just one and get away with it. I can't. Haha. On the 1st pass I shave with the grain (or in the direction my hair grows) downward for the most part. Upward under my Adam's apple. And then after I shave my whole face I apply a 2nd coat of shave gel or cream and I do a 2nd pass shaving against the grain. I do the sideburns 1st bc their already soft and work my way inward to about 1I have been using Mach3 razors for over 22 years. I recently tried using a no-name refil but the quality was not the same. I will only now buy Gillette Mach3 refils going forward, you can truly feel the difference during the shave and the resulk. Some things are worth paying for and this is one of them!Good blades but they should include a handle. The information in the description did not specify that a handle would not be included. I went to the local pharmacy and picked up a smaller pack that did include a handle.I love these razors. I switched to the new 4 blade Gillette razor, but have gone back to the older model Mach3. These Mach3 last longer, gets in tighter places like under nose, around lips, ect.They work and cheaper then WallyworldThese blades last much longer than most! ThanksGreat Price and enough to last a whileGillette has always made the best razor blade. This three blade razor offers the best value and shave you can find. Sure, it's really sharp so you need to be careful shaving. But, the result is what counts. I've tried others but have come back to Gillette.Why not buy a 10 year supply, for cheap? You won't be disappointed!does the jobgreat productThe value was good.I experienced difficulty in finding this item in the usual retailer. Fortunately, I found it to be available on Amazon.com. Exactly the product that I wanted and delivered promptly.The razors came on time, and the package and the razors were in good condition.Great blades, i keep reordering. Nothing wrong with this.I have heavy growth. Have tried many, these work best for me.Very close shave with no razor burnOk product, only good for one shave per blade comfortably and very expensive.Gillette really screwed the pooch when they came out with the Mach 3. I remember it clearly I was a young lad in my early 20's when I first discovered the magic and sheer awe of the Gillette Mach 3 blade. I had tried many other shaving devices, disposable, one blade, two blades, 4 blades, 5... 6? Blades? all inferior...

I think it may have been because I was homeless and living in my van but I soon discovered that a simple Gillette Mach 3 blade was in fact so good that one blade could in theory last a lifetime if properly cared for. Gillette must have also had this realization because they quickly moved to stifle the interest in the Mach 3 by coming out with an endless series of supposedly better options. They even tried to make it seem like the Mach 3 was not as good as it really was by adding that stupid moisturizing strip which wears off in about a week or two.

Here is the thing with the Mach 3. Yes, there is a moisturizing strip and yes it will go away after a few weeks of daily use... YOU DON'T NEED IT!. The only reason that strip exists is to inform the user that it's time to change blades but in actuality your blade is perfectly fine. Another thing. you might notice that the sharpness of the blade also diminishes in the first week or two. This is another attempt to get you to purchase more blades. In reality the first two weeks of using a Mach 3 is what I call the break-in period. This is the period where the blade is actually too d@mn sharp! and you cut yourself a lot. After this break in period the blade is perfectly sharp and will continue to be so (as long as you wash it well and clear out the hairs from between the blades) for an indefinite time.

Notice also, how you can never seem to find the Mach 3 on grocery store shelves? They either have it stowed away in the back or they are simply out of stock. This is another attempt to steer you away from this perfectly made product. They do this because they know if everyone gets hip to the idea that the Mach 3 will last forever then they will be out of business.

So, with that in mind, I just purchased a brand new 15 pack of blades which i just received in the mail yesterday. As it is the case that my 46th birthday is next week i figure that this 15 pack will last me till I'm 60 years old. I have an annual ritual of replacing my blade, not because it needs to be replaced, but simply because I want to support the company that has made the most perfect facial hair cutting product ever made ever.Razor blades are razor blades these are as good as any others.Im certainly not the most hung man on earth here but this ring fits loosely on my thumb and took a lot of work to get on when flaccid, no chance of sliding it on while erect. That's not the issue though because once in it felt fine and was looking forward to using it, the problem is that the ball is attached to one end of the ring and the other end is not solid, there's a small space between the end of the ring and the ball. I squeezed some blood into the 'area' and it caused the ring to open very slightly and when released this caused a massive painful pinch of the skin that went into that small space. The ball does spin but I don't think that's where the pinch came from like others have said, its from the fact that one end is open. If you're less than an inch in girth i'd say sorry to hear that bro...but this ring may work for you .... if you're thicker than that it probably wont work for you,I like this decorative, fun, and functional cock head ring...but, that damn ball spins and WILL pinch your prick reversing any benift for wearing it...untill you glue it in place! I repeat...take the time to glue it in place, and then you will have fun. It's a bit tooooo tight for me, but I can wear it for a while before I get a bit worried about the backed up blood to my main brain. I am on the larger size, and its pretty damn tight on me, so If you are average or less it should be pretty comfortable.I love the way it looks on...very sexy! That alone is worth the price, at least for me, since I am very visual. It's fun to play with and makes things VERY sensitive! The first time it felt strange, you can feel the ball rolling, after that initial shock I liked it. Depending on the position, the ring can make for a stronger,harder feeling inside, so some may not like that. This is not something we'll bring out for a gentle night; get it?

For all you men, my hubby said the "ending" is VERY intensified! Right before the "end", it gets tight and is slightly painful (at least for him), but I think maybe that's why the feeling is so intense? According to hubby, the "ending" makes up for the part right before it!

FYI- Yes, like others have said, you can pinch skin when going up or down...the ball rolls...it's happened...no big deal...he's fine and still happily wears it!Okay product but I wouldn't buy it again. I just dont think it enhances the sexual experience in any way and that's why I purchased itthis was ok, be aware that you can loose this somewhere you do not want it to be lolmY wife loves it i put it on ball side up and it hits her g-spot perfect the only problem the ball spins and can stretch and you can get pinched ouch so i took it apart used a little jb weld to it wont spin or stretch and it works perfect now.It is well made except for the gap between the ball and the ring there is just enough room between the two to pinch your skin. I still use it and enjoy it I have used it during intercourse and my wife seems to enjoy it as well.Do not buy these. The ball is loose on the ring and spins causing terrible pinching for both parties. Super glue or JB Weld is ridiculous solution. The first one I received had rust on it. You don't want rust on a product of this nature. Contacted seller and they sent an additional one at no cost. This is a horrible product. Do not waste you're money.The finishing of thiw item is a bit rough. Somehow it does not feel right. I haave tried it and it is not properly fitting. Maybe I need a better itemThis is a very nice product. Feels great to wear. Very good quality and easy to clean. I do wish there was a size option when u purchase. If u r interested in this kind of ring, I would recommend it!not so badI like this very much. It fits into place nicely although it a tiny bit snug for me. The ball does roll as the other reviews said but I haven't been pinched yet, thank god! DEFINITELY intensifies orgasms, it's almost like it causes the orgasm to build up for a little longer before release. I'm uncircumsized and the onlydownside to this is that the foreskin can dislodge it during vigorous activity and you can't pull the foreskin over it due to the ball. Still love it though.It was too small. If it had of been 3I've been rated (GFs)as a little bigger than average size and there was absolutely no way this ring was going on. If I was unlucky enough to have gotten it on, my guess is it would probably be necessary to have it cut off. Made in China. Need I say more?This thing pinches the s*** out of you. It doesn't matter where you place it or where it. The ball rotates and there is a gap where it fits the ring that leaves enough space to catch skin.I ordered a ring with 25mm inside diameter and a ball of 10 mm diameter. I recieved a ring of 28 mm inside diameter with a ball of 7 mm.The ring I received doesn't fit, so I got rooked.I have never considered myself much more than maybe slightly above average, but this ring made me feel like Ron Jeremy. I could not use it.it is so small, it won't fit on my thumb. i haven't measured it but i think the 1.5 inches is the outside overall dimension.No goodGood good good Good good goooooooooooooooood good h g g g g o o o o d d d d good good goA keeper, what a great feel for both will drive her crazy and will keep you in the game with less work to accomplish that perfect Rodeo!Great unscented facial cleanser. Used to use in bar form, but the pump is so easy to use and you use every drop. Rinses clean. My husband and I both love it!Me agrada para la sesnsibledad i tambien como deja mi piel. Suave i manejable. Tengo 69 años i mi piel se luce como si yo tengo 40 años...tremendo.I have used Neutrogena for years. It is great for dry sensitive skin. It has a mild scent.My dermatologist recommended this many years ago. I have sensitive skin. Cleans well.I’ve been using this facial cleanser for years and love the way it makes my skin feel. It never makes my skin too dry and leaves it feeling clean. I have combination skin and it’s mainly oily in my T zone, this helps my face feel fresh and rejuvenated without drying it out.My face feel and look cleanGot it for my 12 year old daughterLove this product, been using it for years. Ordered 2. Never had a problem with packaging before. This time one came in the manufacturers box, the other one just the bottle itself. What's up with that?Smells just like a facial cleanser, works good I love neutrogena products.It's great. I have THE MOST sensitive skin in the world. Everything gives me a reaction. This is the only stuff that has ever worked. I do use moisturizer right after usually, but sometimes I don't feel like I need to. I don't wear makeup daily but it is a good makeup remover when I do use it. I keep it in the shower and I use it right at the end before I get out. Usually I shower every other day and that seems like a good amount for this as well. I haven't had any breakouts since starting it, and my skin is a very nice color. I don't have oily skin but I would get a fair amount of pimples. Haven't had a single one since I started this. Only negative is it smells AWFUL but honestly I don't care, to me that just means they didn't put any harmful stuff in!Le agrado a mi esposaWorks well to clean and moisturize my faceGlad it at least has the same ingredients--or at least the ones that count.I like it. Dispenser doesn’t work. ThanksAlways love this soap! Very good for acne prone skin, gentle, used this for yearsRegular scent but less foam. Depends on personal preference.Have been using this product for years very difficult to find in the local stores lately great products for your faceClean very good , leaving my face clean and softI love this facial cleansing liquid soap! I've used it exclusively for decades. I am allergic to everything in nature and all the chemicals that are in cosmetics and toiletries. It's been a struggle to find a face wash that really works and is safe for my sensitive skin. This is a fabulous soap! It does a great job of removing professional grade cosmetics, salt, sweat, soil, etc. and leaves the skin feeling natural and clean without drying. I've even used it to wash my hair and body in a pinch. I exclusively use Neutrogena products on my face. They are high quality, an affordable price and available everywhere. Best of all, no irritations or allergic reactions!I was using this cleaner for decades! It’s sad to say it but the last 5 TIMES came with bad smell ! I didn’t want to admit it, but they changed the productProduct was recieved, as described, great commuication, by the seller. I would do buisness with again. Great buy over allProduct was recieved, as described, great commuication, by the seller. I would do buisness with again. Great buy over allI've been using Plackers for years...And they really do work. The reason that they work is because they are easy to keep handy and easy to use. I keep them everywhere around the house and in my truck. If they're handy you use them... That said, the twin line Plackers are by far the best in my opinion. As you might guess they are twice as effective at removing plaque because you have twice the surface area touching your teeth. I recommend using one for the upper teeth and a separate one for the lower teeth to reduce the amount of bacteria you might be spreading around. I have made a conscious effort to do this and my last two dental visits have shown remarkable improvement before I started to do so. I'm sold on them.I use these specifically to reach my back molars since my mouth is pretty small and I have a hard time getting in there with regular floss. These do the job perfectly since I can just stick them in, and they also come in a big pack for a good price - so it'll last a long time. Remember, flossing is super important for your dental health!These are a good backup. But it doesn't replace regular flossing with both hands.
Good price for 75 to last a couple of months. Some people carry them around.
At least it helps temporarily. But I see them on the ground. You wouldn't do that with string, so why these? (My only beef).I have Raynaud’s Syndrome, making it hard to use standard floss because of circulatory issues with my fingers, but my dental care is very important both to me and my health. I have an autoimmune disease that basically wants to destroy multiple areas of my body, including my teeth, so I take consistent dental care seriously. When I found these floss picks, I was amazed… One pick will stay intact and last for your entire mouth! Just rinse it after the first go between each set of teeth, and you’ll be good! I prefer to go through each set twice, personally, but anyway… These picks are seriously like magic. The bag will last you forever, and your dental health will never be better. And not having to use regular floss, hurting my fingers?? Or the floss picks from the store that break after every few sets of teeth?? No thanks. I’ve been using these for a few years now and am never turning back!! Definitely sticking with Plackers!I was amazed at how much BETTER the two strings were! I'm a scrubber - since I learned I actually do need to floss (no one EVER told me that no matter what, food DOES get stuck in there and rots! They just said I need to floss.), I go to the dentist and they say 'well, these are clean teeth!' darn right - I don't just floss, I use flosser with a handle, and I scrub up and down at least twice on both teeth in the crevice - and I try to get up and down between the actual contact point of the teeth 2 or 3 times.

The two strings make it 4 passes in just an down and up! AND the two strings grip the side of the tooth and really scrub more - like synergy. To me, it feels great. I fell in love the moment I first used it.

My hygienist said to skip the Glide stuff from Costco - because it glides! No scrubbing. So I use these type with a handle so I can actually remove gunk and material.
This has totally upped that game in one use. I'm thrilled to get so many for such a great price. (about $12 for 600 in '22)I've bought these 5 or 6 times now. My whole family uses these floss picks. The two floss strings helps get more gunk faster. They just work better then the regular ones.Best dental flossers I have used! Two lines work very effectivly and easily!Item was received right in time before a trip, these are very handy to make sure nothing is in your teeth after a dinner or a snack!These dental flosser are great, the double line really help grab food out in between teeth.Got rid of my annoying floss and use these daily. Getcha some!The double string flossers are so much better than the single flossersAbsolutely love these flossers. The double line is extremely helpful.Sturdy product and does the jobIm picky about flossers.. I like to make sure they work good. I like the double strands, it seems to work better. And they don’t wear easily, I can use one for all of my teeth without the strands breaking.I like the double string, works well for me and I feel I get better results than a single string. I also like the pick that folds out to use and can fold back should you want to carry some on the go. I can see this may be a little hard to use if you have tight teeth but I don’t have that issue. Also, these are mint flavored, I prefer no flavor but didn’t see that option.Makes a huge plaque build up control difference if used after every mealBetter than all other brands out to thereBest flossers.THIS ITEM ACCORDING TO MY BOYFRIEND LOVES IT AND ITS FLAVOR OF IT. HE WANTS MORE OF THIS!!At first, I was not sure I would like this duster because every time I touched it to something, it left some of its bristles. I thought it was going to be a piece of junk. But after the first initial use, it has been fine and is not losing bristles now. I love that I have a handle that is versatile. I like to clean my baseboards with this. It is easy and fast.I actually wore my old one out. This is great for those high ceiling cobwebs!I love how long the handle is. I can reach everywhere.I could not make up my mind which of two extendable dusters to purchase. So I got them both (since I have a two-story house, it does make it convenient to have a duster on each floor for spider webs!) and am keeping them both. They are similar, but each has a different advantage that I value.

Here are my plusses and minuses, by number of stars, for this duster, the
Eurow Electrostatic Duster with 3 sections extension pole
and the
OXO Good Grips Microfiber Extendable Duster
in a few categories.
As you can see, I like both of these dusters!

1. How well does the dust-head work?
***** 5 stars Eurow - The cleaning head is made up of soft filaments. This duster is better at plain old dusting of objects with crevices. For example, we have a set of leather masks hanging on the wall. The very light filaments can be swirled around the masks, fluffing away dust in all the folds and crevices, without in any way damaging the masks. This picks up spider webs and dustballs, but just regular soft dust, in spite of the "electrostatic" in the duster's name, is more fluffed into the air.
***** 5 stars Oxo - The cleaning head is very soft, but the filaments are wider and shorter, more cloth-like, than the extremely soft ones of the Eurow. This makes the Oxo not as good on objects like the masks. However, the Oxo is better on general, and especially on more heavy-duty, dusting. I don't dust as often as I should, so the tops of hanging painting frames, for example, can get quite a layer of dust. The Oxo is better at capturing the thicker dust, rather than just pushing it off of the frames. I don't have a ceiling fan to try it on, but I would think this would work well on dusting the top of the fan blades.

2. How adjustable is the dust-head?
**** 4 stars Eurow - The head is made with a heavy wire center, rather like a giant pipe-cleaner. This can be bent into a curve or at a soft right-angle, which can be very handy. The wire center is sturdy, though, it's not like you can twist it into a pretzel. And, like a pipe-cleaner, once you've bent it, it takes a bit of work to get it perfectly straight again. (Not that it would make much difference if it isn't perfectly straight.)
**** 4 stars Oxo - The head itself is not flexible, which, again, can be very handy, especially for more heavy-duty jobs. However, you can easily change the angle of the head using the sturdy button at it's connection to the pole.

3. Ease of extension and adjustability?
***** 5 stars Eurow - The Eurow can go up to 76", which is a very nice length indeed, especially as it is very light and I have no trouble directing it when fully extended. It isn't long enough to reach the ceiling in the two-story entry-way (without a ladder), but every where else it can handle.
****+ 4.5 stars Oxo - The Oxo is shorter, extending to 54" total. I'm only taking half a star off for that because it's length is plenty for most places. The head is heavier than the Eurow's head, but still easy to direct at 54". However, around anything a bit delicate, the fully extended Oxo, especially as it's dust-catching fibers are shorter, will need a little more care and control.

4. How easy is the dust-head to clean?
***** 5 stars Eurow - The dust-head doesn't come off the pole, but it is super easy to clean. If shaking it off isn't enough, just run it under the tap. Extending the pole is easy; retracting is easy.
***** 5 stars Oxo - The dust-head is removable, as it's attached with a snap. You can wash it in the machine, or just swish it around in water or soapy water. Extending the pole is easy; retracting is easy. FYI, you can purchase additionalThe only thing I didn’t like about the duster is that I needed to stop dusting to tighten the extension. Depending on what I was dusting determined how many times I had to stop.
The duster did hang onto dust until I got it outside to shake.I purchased this duster because I needed one (not because I WANTED one..!!!). Just too many surfaces around the house to attract dust and cobwebs. It seems like you always notice a cobweb by the ceiling at the most inopportune times. Having a long-reach duster is almost a mandatory thing. I researched a bit and decided on this one. The pole uses the typical twist-lock action when you extend and retract it. The brush is soft filament and gets into small crevices and spots quite easily without damaging items or knocking things over. Unless you have a multi-story atrium or open loft area this duster is long enough for everything.

In use, I found it to be quite excellent. The filament brush head seems to displace most dust without problem... although I am not sure that it "captures" all of it.!! I think a bit of the dust ends up in the air and settling on lower surfaces, so always start at the top working down. The cobwebs that always just "show up" when you least expect it were no match for this brush head. It captured everything with no problem. When I am finished I take it outside and shake it gently to clean the dust out. If there are any cobwebs left on the brush head I run it under warm water in the sink for a few seconds. The cobwebs rinse away easily. Then back outside to shake gently and hang for about 30 minutes to dry. Good as new....

The main center stiffener of the brush can be shaped by bending if you need to do so to reach into or onto a specific area. An example would be the top side of a high shelf or maybe even the top of the blades on a ceiling fan. Exercise care on the fan blades though,,, those blades can carry quite a load of dust and sometimes appear to be a little "damp" or "greasy" if you haven't cleaned them in a month or so. Once you bend the brush to fit, it can be straightened out to its original shape with little effort.

Overall, this duster is a good example of a product that is functions like it was designed. I cannot fault it at all. Sure wish I had purchased one of these years ago.!!BETTER THAN COTTON AND EASY TO CLEAN. DECENT EXTENSION. USEFUL TOOL.I like everything about it except after awhile it gets a little "wobbly," not sturdy.Love the extension handle and picks up dust great! Easy to use and clean.We really love this it is easy to use and clean.Works very well with rattan fanPleased with the cleaning tool overall and impressed with the short delivery time from ordering to product arriving at my home!I wanted a floor duster like my old one..one you could bend and unbend for dusting floors then ceilings. It bent nicely although the duster is not a good synthetic as too stiff and seems cheap. The pole is good but what good is it without a good duster.... the Duster shed it fibers like a cat sheds it's fur in spring. I used it and went out to shake the duster and all I saw was turquoise filaments flying in the air. This product is not something you would want to purchase. I will be returning. Sad because dusting wood or vinyl or any floor is great with mine which is similar to this one but has a much better material for the duster...not thin plastic like filaments as this one does.Big brush, long handleMust have for my cleaning business to high dust those tall ceiling heights. It's the best tool with the best priceWorse than any other extendable duster that I've ever used. I've used feather dusters, extendable wands on vacuum cleaners, cotton-covered dusters, dryer brushes to clean out lint...honestly, ANYTHING would be better than this piece of blue junk. The wand has to be screwed in just right, or it will collapse in length. No matter what you do, the head will not stay in place. You can try to hold the head in place with rubber bands...duct tape...a cloth tied around it. Nada. Nothing works. It will just turn and turn, getting loose dust everywhere, if it dusts as all. Forget using this on an angle- if you bend the duster, it will spin and spin, not stay at the angle you set it at. I tried to dust the top of my kitchen cabinets with this- what a mistake! The duster doesn't hold ANY dust- electrostatic, my foot! A plain microfiber cloth is more electrostatic than this thing. A feather duster, heck, even a SWIFFER HOLDS MORE DUST THAN THIS THING! I cannot steer a potential buyer away from this enough. All this thing does is move the dust into the air and onto surfaces below where you dust- and I do mean ALL OVER those surfaces. I have never been more disappointed in a cleaning product or item. I hate leaving negative reviews, but I have no choice here. Buy anything for extended dusting but this darn thing, but save your dollars and don't buy this. Even if the head stayed in place, it just throws dust everywhere, so I would never suggest someone with allergies or asthma use this. It also has a strong chemical smell out of the packing, and sheds little blue threads EVERYWHERE (as if the dust wasn't bad enough...) After using this, it took me an hour to wipe down all of the kitchen surfaces. I expect some dust to fall down- but there's no excuse for this thing to be marketed as electrostatic and hold not one speck of dust in the fibers. But that's what it does. Horrid...I have bought several of these types of dusters and none last too long for me. I clean a few houses a week, so mine are used about three times a week for larger houses. The positive was the extension pole, which is very nice and fits on other dusters I've bought. I wasn't crazy about the plastic feel of the fibers (almost like they are recycled from 2 liter bottles, that's the only way I can describe it). They also aren't fluffy, so when you are dusting and the duster is pointed down rather than up in the air, the fibers all fall forward so it's not as conducive to dusting chair rungs and such quickly. As a couple months went by, the fibers do what they all do....get clumpier and stiffer (which means it doesn't flow around delicates anymore) and it didn't pick up dust as well. This would take a longer period of time for those only using it for one house a week, but it didn't last long enough to make it worth it for my purposes. So far, I still prefer quality ostrich feather dusters.SturdynessI wanted a duster with a super- long handle so I could clean my 12 foot ceilings without having to stand on a chair to reach them. This duster does reach my ceilings and the pole feels sturdy enough that it won't bend or fall apart as I am dusting. Many reviewers said the duster trapped all of the dust, but that was not the case for me. There was dust on the duster but plenty of dust also fell to the ground. Also, at least for the initial use, the duster shed. But bottom line, my tall ceilings are now cobweb and dust free thanks to this duster.Update: It's still holding together well! The epoxyI love the always brand and I am extremely pleased with these liners. They are great for everyday use because they do not bunch up, they are comfortable and its easy to forget you're wearing a linerVery nice liners. Individual package, comfortable to use. No complain at all.
Worth the money.Tiny yet functional. You really don't notice they are there.Comfortable, no scent, no wings, good tor everyday use!Good for daily use to protect clothing from minor bladder leaks.Great for very light flow days.I wear these every day. They're really light and comfortable. However, on my period, if I'm surprised in the middle of the night, it usually soaks through. The blood won't distribute to the whole pad before getting to my underwear.Because they are small & very absorbent, I can keep several in my purse &Although the price suggested such, these were still shorter & thinner than we had thought. Surprisingly they work; however, bgoodExtremely reliable and absorbentWhen arrived, the bag was already opened…looked at inside, saw two pieces ripped….I’ve been using this product for a decade, never change any other brand…was little disappointed when opened the package, but since only two pieces, I just let it go! I rated 4 stars cause I really like this product. 1 stars cut due to the bag opened and rippedThese are my favorite go to everyday liner. Fits perfectly in my underwear and stays stuck. No bunching and rolling up. Very thin. Not really meant for periods. I just wish they made them with different packaging. I hate all the plastic!These stay put and you don't even know they're there.I don't really have a problem, got them post op but great to wear for hygiene.It's recommended and comfortable.be satisfiedComfort! So thin you can’t tell you’re wearing anything.These are meant for very light protection, and they are perfect for that. They are very thin, lightweight and, most important--breathable!!I got these to add to my kids daily vitamin intake for a immune booster. While he eats them, he says they are sour and took a while to get use to. Thankfully he still eats them bc he knows they are good for him just wish they weren't so sour. I still recommend though. They are also very squishy and fresh from this place compared to the ones I have bought at a local store which were very hard and stale like, so I was happy to open these up and see they are soft and fresh. :)I love the product, it came in time and I was able to implement it for my daily uses to make sure I take the right amount of vitamins for my health.The flavor of the product was great! The value was for the money was also fantastic and the sellers shipped very quickly as well!this product was very good! gave it to my cousins and they love them! very tasty and get the job done! will be buying more soon!!!Love these got for my son while pandemic been happening and school . So for he has not got sick real bad all the colds have been mildMy son loves them. Great tasteMe gusto mucho y ahorre bastante pues en mi país RD lo venden mucho más caro. Los niños felices por la dormita de oso y para ellos es como comer cararamelos. Compré solo uno para probar pero ya estoy por ordenar mas. (Lo único que puedo decir no me gusta es que son un poquitito aceitocitas no se a que se debe eso)healthMuy buen producto para mi hijoSúper bien saborexcelente vitaminasThey taste OK. My nephews ate them but didn't love them.I almost returned mine because it looked pretty sad. The gummy bears were low in the container and the inside of the container goo streaked. The lid, although having a plastic wrap seal, moved up and down. The bottle came in a box thickly packed with cold pack bags which had defrosted. Why pack gummies, which are normally on open shelves in our stores, in cold packs, I wondered. Were they ready to expire? My husband looked at it and said that Amazon was just using cold packs to try to not have the gummies melt and pack down. Didn't work, but they tried. If you want loose, unsticky gummy bears, try finding them in a store. Otherwise, despite Amazon's best efforts, they may arrive condensed and stuck together in a bottle smeared with gummy goo on the inside. I started a return, but decided to keep them. 4 stars for Amazon's effort.I have been giving these to my son since November along side a multivitamin (started multivitamin long before). My son stayed sick (he was never sick before school) since starting pre K in July so I went on Amazon searching for something to help! I decided on these and made the right choice, I only give him 1 since he's not 4 yet (will be 4 in June). We started these and in a few weeks I could tell a difference, he will still get sick every now and then but nothing like it was before! I do agree with the other review they didn't look good when I got them all stuck together and gummy stuff on the inside of the bottle but they still work! Cute side note: my son will not eat anything with a face (he wants to hug every thing and be friends) so we have to tell him the bear isn't happy until he's in his tummy!!!This is the first major change we've had vitamin wise going from a multi-vitamin to those only designed for a specific vitamin deficiency. The bears in this container are not sticky nor have the melted look like some that you may find at the grocery store. The fact that it was ordered during the cold season probably helped with keeping the bears in their proper shape. If you've had L'il critters muliti-vitamins, this is very similar in texture and taste, but is juicier. The texture is smooth and the bears are similar to harder gummy bears like Haribo golden bears when it comes to chewyAll Critter Vitamins are top of the notch! Excellent taste , soft chewy gummy like a good real
Gummy bear candy, kids love eating them, and perfect to apply help to the digestive system in absorption . Mother approved - my daughter has severe celiac disease and these critters are easily absorbed in the tummy and nutrients in the bodyQuizás haya sido él traslado pero vinieron todas pegadasMaryland had record amounts of snow this year, but with these little bears watching our backs, neither of my children got a cold all winter long!

The instructions are simple enough:
-Each Night when the children go to sleep, place one of these little rubbery bears under their pillows.
-When the miasma and bad spirits that cause illness come during the night, the bear will go in the child's place, laying down it's tiny life to defeat the forces of evil.
-Your child will dream of sweet things, unfettered by the ills of the world around them as the L'il Critters suffer an agonizing fate beneath the pillow.
-Vanquished for the night, the bad spirits will retreat, vowing to return the next night and hoping the bears are no longer watching over your child.
-The corpse of the Gummy Bear will turn into light, rising into the great Gummy Heaven where all brave little bears go after a courageous life.
-Your child will not get sick!

Make sure you have enough to last all winter, because if you miss a single night your child is doomed.I have used this gummies for my toddlers for a year or so. I was looking for a better price, so I thought this would be it (since I kept buying a single jar at walmart). But I guess I got confused with the sizeThis is 1 of the daily must have vitamins for my youngest kids ages 3 and 4. My daughter is in school full time. There isn’t a doubt in my mind that this supplement has helped her immune system. She rarely gets sick when she does she bounces right back!

As per our nutritionist, we give 1 daily. If they are sick or coming down with something. Or if known bugsA little sour for orange juice, and, honestly, tastes a bit watered down...but for the price, it's not bad.The hive taste really good and it was delivered within 2 days.Good size and flavor.Trusted juice brand. Taste is good. Liked convenience of individual bottles. Great for snacks and road trips. Not always able to buy locally in our small town. Buying through Amazon is a tad more expensive.DrinkMy children drink the whole pack in 4 days wish the price was not so high for the amount you buy.These are great for on the go, or after working in the heat. Great tasting perfect size.I buy a lot of this orange juice. The taste varies from batch to batch. Sometimes it's sweet and sometimes it's bitter-- like life in general. Sometimes it has a bright orange color sometimes it has a muted dark color. Obviously it's because of the concentrated juice that is used in each batch but the one thing you can't beat is the price, especially if you get free shipping. I had one batch that had caps that you couldn't get off the bottle-- the perforated ring wasn't perforated. I called Tropicana and let them know of the problem and they followed up by sending me some coupons.Love this juice, but has allot of sugar. I guess that why it taste so good! I still purchase itGreat product and great juice companyThis juice is so good. It's my favorite.This is the best ! I can’t get enough I have to hide it in the trunk .It is a great tasting juice.I love the grapefruit flavor and most of all it is sweetened with sugar.I’m able to receive a product through Amazon with my EBT card that have valuable vitamins, since I’m home bound.Glad to be able to order juice in a quantity greater than 8 Oz. The flavor is good, but I would prefer a 20 Oz. bottle. Thank you for providing another good product.Product has great pineapple flavor, dont agree with the amount of added sugarsI was expecting a product which was similar to grapefruit juice. This is a highly sweetened drink.kids enjoy the juice to take in their lunch to school or during the weekend. problem is amazon does a poor job of packaging for subscribe and save shipments. ends up with a pile of loose juice containers in the box these past several months.I only disliked that it was not 100% juice, unlike the other juices I was buying. This was part of a package deal with two other juice flavors. Even so, it has a really good pineapple-orange flavor and isn't cut with an apple juice filler as so many other companies are doing now.Bought the Apple Cinnamon. Mother and brother plain dislikes the scent and plays on their allergies for a bit but doesn't bother myself much; which I tend to have severe hay fever. It lingers for a few hours. The scent is quite difficult to explain but it isn't terrible (for me). I've tried other scents of same brand but there are better ones.Air freshener was a great price compared to the big box stores and we'll worth the value. The smell is pleasant & covers the smell you're trying to conceal.the scent doesn’t last very long, but it smells amazing. you get what you pay for!I love a nice fresh and clean laundry smell and this smells just like that. Wonderful longevity and smellGreat product! Smells great! Love it! My apologies to the seller, as I will be buying as often as I can, as, I have a neighbor (side-by-side duplex), that SMOKES! Lease violator! I use A LOT of spray! I have breathing issues, (& use an inhaler), and cannot stand the stench!I love the smell and the price!InexpensiveUse air purifiers and natural aromatherapies to lift spirits and freshen the air. but most air fresheners mask odors and usually contain dangerous chemicals that can cause more harm than good.GREAT SMELL, NOT TO STRONG, GREAT FOR CAT ODORSNice smellLove all the fragrances of this company. Does what it says, and leaves your room smelling lovely.Use to smell its niceSmelled great doesn't last thaaat long thoGood productGood productGood productExcellent product and scent.Last time I got them the package was smaller. It didn’t have that extra clear handing. That doesn’t change the fact that this, is the best value pack of razors I’ve ever purchased! This is the only razor I want to use no lie. Will forever purchase these. I have sensitive skin and it glides like a charm. Leaving little to no friction on the skin. The handle is perfectly crafted to fit your hand gently and big enough to grip firmly. Ughh buy it!! I use it everywhere on my body! The colors make it so much better!Razors are pretty expensive for something I'm not really excited to buy. I love the bulk size and I got these on a prime day sale, that made it a better buy for me!I've been getting this product for a while and I like them and have had no issues. This time, however, I received my order in the wrong size container and it was taped together making me think it's been tampered with. The label says 14 count, but the package has an empty hole and can hold 16 razors.Good razor that gets the job done. Rarely get nicks. Easy to handle with a good grip. Moisturizer strip works good but not for many uses. I still use though with a feminine shaving cream.I’m someone that changes their razor once a month. Great quality but it is more on the bigger side.My go to razor that I’ve been using for years! Always make sure I have back up package in the house for when daughters and Company visit.Best I’ve used so far and that says a lot!Light colorful razors. Could shave a little closer. I have nicked myself trying to get a closer shave.I bought these on a lightning deal and for the price, they’re fine and do the job. They are on the cheaper end of shaving materials, I’d say, but they still do a good job cutting and not nicking the skin easily. I do have sensitive skin and these have not caused any unusual irritation.I love this product. So reasonably priced and now no more shaving nicks. They last for multiple shaves and leave your legs and underarms smooth and soft. I will definately buy these again and Amazon has the best price too.Can’t beat the price and I love not going to the store for these type of itemsGreat price and very easy to use.Love it. Keeps my skin smooth after shavingI have very dry skin, these are very moisturizing and the blade doesn’t allow you to cut yourself. This is the only razors I purchased for probably 8+ years. Love the price, and the value. They probably last about a week of shaving once a day. I use it for my legs, and my armpits. I do have pretty coarse hair on my legs. And they still only last about a week.Easy to hold onto and this was a great value for the moneyIf you have to shave, this is a decent razor for the price.Good valueThey do the job and last for a while before needing replacement.Easy on my skinGreat price. Only razor I will use. Close shave, no nicks or cuts.Awesome degreaser and cleaner for cleaning an engine bay. My engine bay has never been cleaned in the time I've owned the car. Lots of dirt and oil grime. I wet down the bay, sprayed this stuff on and the old grime fell off!

Only downside is that on the plastic and rubber parts it will leave a white residue unless you wipe down those areas with a protectant spray... I used a typical meguiars interior protectant sprayI haven’t found a better all purpose cleaner than this. Use it on wheels, rims, fabric, plastic it works well and is very strong. Has removed just about any carpet or seat stain for me in the last 6 yearsGreat scent and works great for deep cleaningWorks great and with a great price!Best scent and degreaser on the marketMade my carpet look like new.The best all purpose cleaner I have used so far and it smells like citrus. Keep in mind that It comes concentrated in the bottle. I made 3 different dilution ratios with my sprayer bottles. Each dilution ratio corresponding to how much cleaning power is needed for any detail cleaning job I need for my vehicle. Easily cleans the dirt and grime that accumulates in the interior of my vehicle, especially with children.But this works like magic. Had 3 month old wine stains on my car roof and this took them out within minutes! Yes my new go to brand.Really good for cleaning cars with lots of grime on it. If you have any bird droppings on your paint it makes it come right off. A few sprays goes a long way and also works wonders on mosquito splats on your windshield, headlights and grill. The smell is also pleasant.I don't even have a steam cleaner and it was great for a deep clean of my old Suburban-just like new!!used this most recently to clean the molding for a sunroof I got from a junk yard. It was extremely dirty and took some brushing. After 2-3 goes at it with rinses in between It got it completely clean. Worked extremely well and does not have a strong scent.I first used simple green to get rid of the easy bits then after hosing that off I applied the chemical brothers degreaser to the whole engine and used a round brush to agitate, allowed to sit for about 5 minutes and pressure washed to a sparkling clean Porsche engine bay. perfect! Love this and I will dilute the rest as the heavier grime is gone now.very quality cleaner and degreaser. attached are two pics of wheel cleaned before tire shine was applied. did a great job to remove grime and bring out the shine from the chrome.This product is great. I use it for my detailing jobs and a little goes a long way. It's full strength so dilute it. I use 5 to 8 sprays with half a bucket of water and it works great on car wheels to get brake dust off.The chemical itself it decent. It does the job it claims to do. No surprise there.

I only had it for a few months and used about 1Cleans like it should but it leaves a residue on some surfaces and almost stains the paintI bought this over a year ago and only used it a couple of times until today. It worked well those couple of times but did leave the rubber mats tacky until i wiped with a damp cloth. Now, however, I'm a fan of this cleaner. I bought a 22 year old truck last week that was smoked in for 20 of those years. I removed all the nasty interior plastic trim pieces (originally light gray, now brown with smoke stain), laid them in the driveway, and sprayed them with All Clean+. I was prepping my drill brush when I decided to rinse the trim pieces off with the water hose, just to see what would happen. ALL OF THE GRIME CAME OFF! I didn't have to use a brush, just spray and rinse! I'll be buying more soon for cleaning the rest of the truck.
Also, I easily removed the sprayerI first got the little bottle and loved how it did a deep clean on my car. So I got the 1 gallon . Great for deep cleaning your cadStuff works on everythingI paid an extra fee for assembly and the men drove the screws through the wood where they stick out the sides. The actual pice is really nice, the assembly price was not worth it, my piece is basically ruined.Quality product that was put together well by the woman who was assigned to assemble it.I like this cabinet and it fits neatly into my space. My main gripe is that there was some damage to one of the panels and the top had a scratch on it. You can assemble alone, but as it is assembled from the top up and has to be set upright along the way, you will need a second person for that. Maybe needs to be packed a tad bit better.I would like to exchange for a lighter color, the wood used for packing is the color I wantedThis is a nice looking cabinet for the price - it is a lot of work to put together. It comes with great instructions. Two scratches on top marked in blue and the cabinet doors don’t line up properly. The right side is correct, the left side is not - totally spoils the look. It would be a lot of work to carefully check for scratches before you put it together. You wouldn’t see anything wrong with the doors before you put it together. Way too much work to take it apart and send back.We needed a tv stand for our guest bedroom when we ordered the Walker Edison Tall Traditional Wood Universal TV Stand. We could not find one that was assembled, anywhere, and my husband had spent 2 weeks last year assembling a sewing cabinet for me with much cussing and tool throwing! So I did not want to ask him to do that again!! But, alas, after not finding anything I had to! We took a chance and ordered the Walker Edison Tall Traditional Wood Universal TV Stand.
After opening the box and taking a look at all the pieces, he decided to read and follow the instructions. And I decided to leave the room! After 2 days, with NO cussing and NO tool throwing, he had the TV stand assembled! He told me:
1. All the parts were in the box, including a few spares!
2. The instructions were PERFECT, NOTHING WAS LEFT OUT, or NO INSTRUCTIONS WERE LEFT TO THE IMAGINATION, EVERYTHING WAS EASY TO FOLLOW!
3. Every piece fit, as designed
4. No problems
5. He would order from Walker Edison again, should we need furniture again!
I do not know how much better review I could give!
TWO THUMBS UP!!This is my 65 in. TV stand. Is very sturdy and fits perfectly with my other furniture.For the price, this is a pretty decent piece of furniture.

The good:
This looks really nice in my living room. The darker brown of it helps give the appearance of a more sophisticated piece. It also comes with little "wood grain" stickers to disguise hardware on the inside to make them unnoticeable on the completed unit. The swing out storage doors were the main thing I was looking for in a TV stand, and they hold a lot of DVDs. Other reviewers indicated that they had damaged pieces but mine was perfectly fine beyond one tiny little scuff that was easily covered with brown marker and was in a spot where it would not be noticed anyway. Other reviewers have also indicated that the build instructions were confusing at times but I didn't feel that that was the case at all.

The bad:
Even though the instructions were pretty clear to me, its still going to take a long time to put this together. It took me about 3.5 hours to complete it by myself. The one swinging door sits a little funny (see picture) and bothers me a bit. I'm going to try taking it off and see if I can reposition it. Its not terribly noticeable and it does not hinder the door from opening or closing properly though.

The ugly:
It. Is. Heavy. I'm a small woman so it was very difficult to get this into my house from off my porch. And that was just trying to lift one end enough to pull it over the threshold and then push it in. If you need to get this to another floor of your home, you will either need to be very strong or have someone help.

Overall, with the issues mentioned, I'm still happy with the purchase. It seems to be pretty sturdy, it looks nice, and it has a lot of storage space.Well this is my second review, my first review was 1 star, due to the fact that it was delivered with no hardware to put it together. Hardware was sent after trying emails for over a week. It took finding and calling a customer service phone number to get the problem fixed. I was able to assemble it without much difficulty. It is solid wood and well made. It works well in my bedroom and has lots of storage space. Would have been 5 stars if not for the missing hardware and lousy customer service.This a good cabinet, but when it arrived it came in a 5" long box. At first glance it did not look like it was much but when I tried to move the box that the delivery driver left by my door in the rain and did not ring the bell. So I was in a hurry to get it out of the weather. When I heaved it up it stayed down. This was one heavy box, I man handled it inside and just about hurt myself. this is when I realized that this was not a flimsy piece of furniture.

So I got my dolly and moved it into the living room where I spent the next 3 days putting it together. Now the cabinet came complete with all you need is a screw driver. They advise against the use of power drivers. But there are some 3" screws that I would not hesitate to use the driver on. as they are quite tight and hard to screw in. So in this respect I deviated from the directions. They even supply you with the glue for the dowels. Here too I deviated and used wood glue that I knew that once applied it was very hard indeed to break the seal.

As to the directions they are concise in that each is lettered and the directions guide you to put it together by sections. Each one needed to be placed just so, As I later found as i started to put the sections together. As it does not label them as to what is top or bottom or front or rear. So i found myself diassembling sections and switching pieces around as I found when I went to put them together that something would be upside down or facing the wrong way.

My eyesight is good but only by squinting and staring at the drawings of each section could I see how each deviated from the other. Thus i was able to get it together. I found the putting the doors together was a 2 person job. As they were the last pieces to go on according to the directions.

As I got close to finishing it i could not help but notice the finish of the wood and how straight it all came together after i figured it all out.

Since finishing I have received many compliments on the cabinet and beauty and quality of it.

If the directions had been more concise or the pieces labeled better, thus making this a difficult build I would have given this 5 stars.

As to would I recommend it, I do not hesitate with a yes. As it is very nice piece of furniture especially for the price. But with the warning to pay very close directions to the drawings, and take your time before gluing, be sure each piece fits as it is supposed to.Difficult angles to assemble. Took 3 hours. The doors are kind of long and wonky. There’s probably a better one on wayfair for the money.Ok so this is the second tv stand I purchased as the first one broke. This is a sturdy stand except it is made from particle board. That is fine for the cabinet portion as it is rally heavy mdf material. However at the bottom there are only 3 pieces of mdf to hold the whole thing up!!! One across the bottom of the front and one on each side. These pieces are held on by wooden dowels glued into holes. So when I moved the stand to clean my window and then tried to push it back in place the bottom piece snapped off and I almost lost my tv.....was quick enough to catch it as the whole stand tipped back!!! I have had this stand for about 2 or 3 years. I ordered another because I really liked it but I made a little adjustment. I gorilla glued a piece of 2 x 4 to each inside bottom corner and I mounted 1.5" wheels so I can move the stand without putting pressure on the bottom pieces. Problem solved!! If you never move it you will have no problems. If you are occasionally going to move it do what I did or don't put the bottom 3 pieces on at all. Thus the 4 stars vs 5. Hope this helps.TvHappy with the purchase, looks great in the room. My mother bought this because she is on a fixed income and couldn't afford to purchase one at the furniture store. She was so happy because it looks just as good as some she saw for around $800 - $900. (of course it is particle board and not solid wood, but you cannot tell when you look at it) Some tips for anyone who orders. Assemble very close to where you plan to use it and make sure you assemble on a clean soft surface. You will want to have an electric screw driver and a soft cloth to wipe away excess wood glue. I suggest you get Gorilla Glue that dries clear, that way if oozes out you won't notice it. (all dowels should be glued)

It took us 2.5 hours to assemble, but I am very cautious and could have probably done it quicker, but I read the directions at least twice to make sure I had things right. The picture directions are good, but not 100% clear when looking at the placement of a few of the pieces that have several wholes.The product came quickly. And it's pretty heavy and that's good. And a ton of parts to assemble and so it takes some patience to do so. The instructions had plenty of pictures to guide through the process. I got toward the end of it when I discovered a drawer part with a slider attached -- and the slider was attached wrong by the manufacturer! It took me a handful of tries to figure out why the drawer was not lining up right and sliding correctly. LOL. However, I managed to unscrew and then rotate the part -- using the same holes and it worked. I am not sure if it'll keep, but it's a fix that I had to do because the manufacturer messed up. I guess I could have returned the whole thing or made demands of the company.
In any case, I am happy with the product - with one less star.This is solid once assembled and certainly attractive enough for a child's room, den or playroom. The finish, however, is easily damaged.

Now for the assembly: I am a small woman and put it together by myself. First gather patience and count all the parts, including the frame pieces. While putting it together I found that one piece, essentially ornamental, was not drilled properly. Customer service seems good and replacements can be ordered on line (free). Leaving that piece off, I assembled the rest with two sizes of Phillips head screwdrivers. All the hardware was present. Still waiting (next day) for the replacement piece, which I made sure is not essential to install before something else, so I'll add it when it arrives.

Suggestion: Disregard instructions that say to insert the cam locks into the holes first, as it is much easier to join parts and then insert and lock the cam locks. Apply glue sparingly, though there is plenty of it furnished. Make sure dowels are sunk into the holes fully. Also make sure the parts fit tightly together before locking the cam locks. Screws will strip easily, so be careful. Ignore the step where it says to put the top on before the cabinet doors - it's easier to install the doors before the top. The top is the heaviest part and as mentioned, the finish is easily damaged in case the cabinet needs to be laid down to do the doors, and it is easier to install the doors with the cabinet lying on the back. I used one of the foam packing pieces on the floor to protect the finish.

While it did take all day for me to assemble this, I proceeded slowly and carefully and ended up with an attractive cabinet that suits my needs quite well.I’m very happy with this purchase. It is extremely heavy and sturdy. The one thing I struggled with was the doors. The instructions weren’t 100% clear on applying the hardware, after several attempts I ended up using longer screws because I didn’t apply the hinges properly and messed up the wood. Fortunately, the hinges hide my mistake. Once I got it right everything worked out quite well. My suggestion is make sure you get the hinges on right the first time. All of my pieces were in good condition when it arrived and they sent extra parts in case they were needed. Very happy with my purchase.So let's start with the positive:

1) AWESOME TV stand.
2) The quality of the wood is superior and the styling is great! In my instance it holds, a 47" LED, 2 speakers, cable box, Blu-Ray player, XBox 360, and wii.
3) Assembly is pretty straight forward. Took about 2 hours from un-boxing and organizing all of the parts and making sure I wasn't missing anything, to getting it all setup.

Now to the negatives:

Inside the doors, it doesn't hold a whole lot and this is the reason why; the door hinges aren't made to hold a whole lot of weight. I originally started loading all of my DVDs in the stand, but after loading them onto the door and shut it, you can clearly see a big gap from the left to the right on the door from the weight of the DVDs. I had to buy a DVD stand which now holds all of my DVDs since it can only hold as many as you can fit in the stand itself (not on the inside door). Thus adding more expense which really shouldn't have happened if they had better hinges to hold the proper weight.

I've tried putting little rubber "buttons" on the bottom of the shelf and lifted up on the door when shutting so the door would sit on the button, but that didn't do anything. Plus, it was one more thing to think about when going to get a DVD, making sure to lift up or the button would become unstuck to the bottom.

So for that reason, I have to rate this at 4 stars for the following points:

Style: 5 stars
Design: 3 stars
Ease of assembly: 5 stars
Functionality (for me): 2 stars (due to not being about to use the interior compartments besides the external shelves)I like it
For my living room
It’s perfect exactly what I was looking forI have ordered this and one of the part broken when i told to replace they told its back dated and could take a month or so. it took me to 3 hours to assemble this and door was a tough part, and they said you can return if you don't like . first thing it was too small, and could not give a good look. I would not recommended this.I have not looked into it yet to see if there is an adjustment, but the towels seem to be getting harder to pull. There is a recessed knob to advance the towel but it is difficult to turn.Work as expectedThis dispenser has worked very well in my shop. I only wish that it would cut off the paper a little longer than 9 inches. However, that will help you to conserve paper and cost. Just pull it twice when you want more paper.I have not looked into it yet to see if there is an adjustment, but the towels seem to be getting harder to pull. There is a recessed knob to advance the towel but it is difficult to turn.Work as expectedThis dispenser has worked very well in my shop. I only wish that it would cut off the paper a little longer than 9 inches. However, that will help you to conserve paper and cost. Just pull it twice when you want more paper.No need to buy traditional tampons these are perfectI like the product going to order moreUse it for a bloody nose too. works well!Good product. No complaints.I purchased these because I want organic clean cotton tampons, I don't want to put a bunch of chemicals into my body. These are very dense, and have really good ability to absorb. They are reasonably priced for what they are and compared to the other options in this category. The reason they only received 5 stars is that they do not "fan out" enough and therefore are more prone to leaking than say an O.B. traditional no-applicator tampon. They are not "terrible" in this respect either but it is enough to knock a star off. Other than that they have been worth the price and I will continue to purchase them.didn’t realize that they don’t come with an applicatorNEVER go back to regular tampons again. No way! After trying these bad boys and my bleeding decreased by over 80% NO JOKE. I couldn't believe it myself. I am now convinced the regular (man made not organic nor 100% cotton) tampons actually MADE me bleed like a dang stuck pig. I would over flow Super tampons and have to wear a pad along side them! I originally purchased these at my local grocery store on a whim in super size. I tried them out and was floored at how much less I bled!!!! I decided to order them online (cheaper) and the regular size instead since I barely even soaked the super size. I recommend these to EVERY female. If you want to do something safe for your body then spend a little more and get something that actually lasts longer (no bleed outs) and you use less of them because you don't over bleed them. Yup, I threw away my 'other' tampons and don't regret it at all.I used them to stop menstrual blood from reaching my underwear and it worked. If you are a person with large nostrils that bleed sometimes, those might work for that too. Just cut the strig or you will look ridiculous.I'm not new to applicator free tampons and these were good. These are more like regular absorbency and compared to my normal 5 hours, I had to change about every 4. I switched to these from the Regular in this brand and the absorbency was much better. Although $4 is great value I still need something where I don't have to worry about the absorbencyI was having pains from the OB tampons that I have been using for the past 30 years. I have found that changing to organic versions has been extremely helpful. These do the job they are supposed to.I subscribe and save these.. which I love because I'm never without. The price is amazing.. and I like not having an applicator (but that's a personal preference). The only thing is that they aren't "super" absorbent. More like a regular (or regular plus, if there were an in between category). I can't use for the first few days of my cycle... but they are great for days 3-6!!When I was still using tampons I liked these. Minimal packaging, no plastic applicators so less waste, recyclable box, set on a subscription so I never ran out. They worked fine for me as far as qualityMinimal packaging, no unneeded applicator, appreciate organic given where it goes for hours.I started to read more and more articles about young ladies losing their legs to Toxic Shock Syndrome, so I wanted to start using organic tampons instead of Tampax pearl due to the chemicals they put in them, you can get Toxic Shock Syndrom with synthetic tampons but not with an all-cotton tampons from what I have read. So far these Tampons are great, you do have to open each tampon individually and push it in your vaginal canal yourself which kind of sucks when you are heavy. Overall great product and much safer to use.They are pure cotton and much healthier for my body. (No bad smell.) The wrapper is a little challenging to remove. I wish they were available in ultra absorbance for my heavy days.Bought these for my daughter to help reduce the chemicles she is exposed to. She has a heavy flow and these work just as well as playtex super absorbency. She doesn't like that there isn't an applicator, it's kind of like an OB, but I'm sure she'll get used to it! I've added these to our subscribe and save and I will be switching over as well!These are probably the best organic super tampons I've tried so far. I will buy again.The level of discomfort using cardboard applicator is astounding! No thank you…I needed hypoallergenic and that's what these are. They are prone to leakage, but I largely remedied that by pushing the string end in before inserting so it opens the tampon for better absorption. Without that, fluid will leak all around and you'll end up with a largely unused product. After I started pushing in the end, I was able to get full absorption with minimal leakage.Nice and comfortable fit. Not hard to insert. But do have to change frequently, or you will have leakage. Painless removal.I love the smell! This product cleans my counters daily without disappointing. Who’s lying? I clean my counters once a week. But I will buy this product over and over again. I’ve reordered at least twice. No streaks, perfect shine, maintains my granite very well, and the smell is BOMB. Buy it or you’ll be sorry!Like this one. It cleans nicely and smells great.A little expensive, works well. Safe to useLove this cleaner for my granite countertops, but the refill gallon was missing about 1Great granite cleaner and no chemicals . Smells great. Not a strong smell very subtle.I think this product meets all my expectations. I have dark granite and water spots and greese spots wipe away.I have white quartz counters and a marble table. I use this daily so the refill bottle is a mustI use nothing else on my granite countertops. It also does a nice job on the glass cooktop.Cleans very well. I was surprised at how well this works. Nice scent, no chemicals. Pet safe! Spray and wipe. I love all of the Better Life products I’ve tried.I bought this to clean three headstones (grave headstones) that had not been cleaned nor swept nor touched since 1982. Yes, that's 37 years of moss leaves and bird droppings. Within 10 minutes, the headstones looked brand new! And I didn't have to scrub. Just use a soft rubber bristle brush and spray this product. I will say that I did rinse afterwards. The product says no rinse, just wipe. But I think that's for indoor counters. For my outdoor rough element surface, I felt rinsing just helped get the crud out of the engraving. The shine is amazing and not one leaf outline or bird dropping remained. It's been 2 months since I cleaned the headstones with this product and nothing sticks to the headstones. They look as if I cleaned them yesterday. Highly recommend. If they can clean outdoor granite that hasn't been touched in 37 years, it can clean your counters!I love this product! It works great but I will say, I don’t love the scent. It doesn’t last too long though and it leaves my marble counters clean and streak free so I’ll tolerate the smell but I’m hoping at some point they will come up with an alternate scent.Love a nice smell but hate those ridiculously strong smelling cleaners like Mrs. Meyers (instant migraine for me), this smells good when you use it but doesn't overwhelm the whole house. Does a nice job getting the counters nice and spotless.Great product! It does leave our granite counters shiny and it smells great which to me means doesn’t smell like some nasty chemicals. It also doesn’t make me feel bad for using cleaning products since it’s all natural ingredients. The only thing is Amazon doesn’t seem to sell just the refills so I went to check out the sellers site and the refills are much cheaper there which allows me to reuse the spray bottles and save money.I had a subscribe and save order for this product since August 2021 when we had our kitchen renovated. I wanted a quality product to keep our new granite countertops clean. All was well for a few months until one shipment changed. The product was the consistency of thin white glue and was completely unusable. Sine then subsequent shipments consisted of inferior product, almost always leaving a dull haze over the granite. I have cancelled my standing order. What was supposed to be a quality product turned out to be junk.Wow, I love, love, love this!! While I prefer green products, I am an average mom, that always seems scattered and in a hurry, since I forgot to place my order for more take it for Granite, I decided to purchase something else at a big box store ...... Can I say BIG BOX MISTAKE!! The product they recommended left streaks all over my counters, filmy, blurry film and it certainly isn't green. My husband thought something greasy was on the counter originally causing the other product to streak, and then I took out the tiny few drops of take it for granite that was still left in the bottle and put them on the counter .... Wow, what a difference!! I'm not a photographer (other than mamarazzie) but I tried to capture the difference to show you. The other product I had to use a super soft cloth to "buff" the counters ..... Yes, "buff" the counters .... I don't have time for all of that! Give me a paper towel and some take it for granite and I'm done now & I feel good about it! I will be buying this as house warming gifts from now on!! <3Does a great job!We love this cleaned! The scent is amazing, not too strong. It truly cleans the messes and loving the value for our money. It’s cheaper than what we were paying for, but better quality. We already ordered two more after using our first bottle. Our first bottle lasted us about two months, and my wife cleans the counters daily, sometimes twice a day.One bottle was thick and whitish, the other was clear and worked great.It smells great and leaves my granite shiny and clean.Better Life Natural Granite and Stone Cleaner not only smells wonderful but does a great job, too. I used to stingy with my other counter cleaner because it was so expensive. BLN is far more economical and it doesn't send a million chemicals into the air when I use it.

This was my second order so it appears I'll be a lifelong customer!Just as described & a little priceyLike a kleenex but not strong?It feels like cheap tissue, just buy charminI was pretty impressed by this I thought they were going to be cheapie toilet paper like some brands they sell one roll at a time. Husband tends to buy that brand and I always buy the soft kinds of brands or wipes and so when I bought these because we were out of toilet paper I was very surprised that both the quality of the layers and the price and how long they last! Play we don’t have shortages again anytime soon but if we ever do this is a brand to stock up on! I believe this brand works to make things environmentally friendly.Soft? Yes, very. Almost like an ultra soft facial tissue. In fact, I started using it as that after buying a toilet paper that holds up better. This will fall apart very quickly. If you have a skin disorder, or a baby, or are extremely sensitive to texture, you'll like this. But be warned, it will fall apart quickly when faced with fluid, which then makes it not a value purchase. I used twice as much of this brand toilet paper than others. While I support using post consumer paper in the recycling process, I have had better. In fact, this was substituted for a 365 brand I had purchased. I won't be buying it again - unless there is another TP shortage due to (censored) panicking or taking advantage of others in a crisis situation.John Wayne rough n tough toilet paper. Almost like using writing paper to wipe. If you like you toilet paper to feel uncomfortable, then this is for you.Flimsy and didn't last very longI appreciate Seventh Generation in general, and I’ve always enjoyed their products. But the TP… Not a fan. It shreds as I wipe. And, TMI, I’ I’m sure, but sometimes when I shower and go to wash, I find little pieces of it stuck there! Can’t do it. I like Whole Foods’ “Sustainably Soft” TP.This is just middle of the road toilet paper. It's not as thin as gas station stall paper, and not as thick and soft as charmin. It was $4.50 for a 4 pack when I got it, so it was mostly worth the price then.Seventh Generation used to be my GoTo brand for bath tissue and paper towels. But the current version of tissue is totally useless. It disintegrates on contact with moisture; Even using doubled (4 layers) or tripled it tears, frays, leaves lint stuck to you and fails miserably to perform its purpose. The "quilting" imbossed texture is a sham: it just makes the rolls look fatter and "fluffy" and shred more easily. The perforations are hard to see and half the time they fail to tear cleanly, so that bits and pieces and shreds result insteat of a neat tear. About every other roll begins with 2-3 yards of unuseable tissue, because of the way the end in glued through multiple layers, and for some reason also the 2 plies are offset by a couple of inches, so that one tears at the perforations and the other just shreds between the perforations. Lastly, it has some kind of fragrance added, apparently to the cardboard roll. The paper towels have similar problems (a separate review) and I will not buy Seventh Generation tissue or towels again.This toilet paper is so thin reminds me more of tissue paper. It instantly dissolves when wet. Good for composting toilets. I want Charmin!Not as expected, you pay dearly for a faulty product. Angel Soft from the Dollar Tree is a better value than this.I love to wipe. The experience, the cleanliness, the aromatics, and of course... the perfect flush. Where my feces and paper to down the drain as one.

My rear end has never been so happy.Soft great value for the money better than some National brandsI've ordered several brands when we could find them on sale here with Prime and over the many years I've lived in this place, I've never had any clogging or difficulty. Until this. It's kind of stiff and unyieldy so it doesn't break-up properly and I had a long overnight shift of 'treating the toilet' last weekend, wasted a whole weekend basically dealing with it.

Then tonight when I was looking at the roll we had been using, yep last of that pkg (got 3) and it's plugging again. (Had used some other rolls intermittently since this was purchased and no trouble with them at all.) So, now it's more than obvious that the stiffness is blocking up the semi-industrial toilet and whatever savings I had were lost in having to buy so many supplies to unplug it myself and the hours lost from all the other projects I needed to do and having to use other people's restrooms. The pkg says it's safe for different and even low-flow toilets but that's just not possible. I'm going to ask them to take the other 2 back, it's not worth it.Fine product, soft tissue, good for septic systems - but...you don't get a lot and it is expensive. For a single person household its fine, 2 or more people and I have to go with something more affordable, less refills.This toilet tissue is truly subpar. It's coarse and looks unappealing. The individual rolls are softer and last longer. I tried to save a little $ by ordering this pack, but it was not worth it. These rolls were of poor quality.I don't know where to begin with the joy this product has given me. It's truly been a blessing. Every time I use it, I feel relieved.Cleans me AND the environment. Win-winWe liked this product but for the cost and same effectiveness we decided to go with Scott 1000. Breaks up easier than this TP for the RV tanksThese are definitly flimsy but if you don't care because you use it for 5 minutes and them throw it out them these will work.Sides are a bit soft, but the top ring is very solid.These are definitly flimsy but if you don't care because you use it for 5 minutes and them throw it out them these will work.Sides are a bit soft, but the top ring is very solid.I purchased a case of a thousand for home use. At least 70% of the cups leaked, even when doubled. Too much time had passed between purchase and discovery of the problem, so I was basically stuck with the product. Tried to buy green and ended up black and blue >:-(I purchased a case of a thousand for home use. At least 70% of the cups leaked, even when doubled. Too much time had passed between purchase and discovery of the problem, so I was basically stuck with the product. Tried to buy green and ended up black and blue >:-(Since the reformulation of all of Neutrogena facial washes with micro beads, this product remains one of the few that compares favorably with its predecessor. As an indication of how popular it is, I got it online only because I couldn’t find it within a 25 mile radius of where I live. Bonus, it was also sold at a fair price.Deep cleaning for faceI usually buy at a retail store but ran out and didn't have the time to go to a store. Ordered here and received on time. Actually, I'm more pleased then when buying in store. This came wrapped in a plastic wrap which means there is 0 chance another customer possibly opened it to smell it or squirted some out to feel the texture. So for that, I thank the seller! Will definitely purchase again. For the product, I have oily skin that breaks out with acne. This has been a game changer for me. Helps keep my face clean and oil free while smooth at the same time. It has a cooling effect too which feels refreshing. Love it and highly recommend this product and seller!I use this as my 2nd face wash since its not very strong the scent is too strong its like rubbing toothpaste on your face it doesn't scrub the skin as good as the orange acne wash doesI have been using the last one they made for years. Now I can’t find it so I tried this new one and am not a big fan. It has charcoal in it and other things that I don’t care for. The old one had a eucalyptus scent and this one I don’t notice any scent to it. I’ll probably try something else.Love how my skin feels after I use this. I keep one in my shower and another in gym bag. My face feels tingly and clean without feeling tight which is amazing. I use Rx acne meds, Benzaclin for occasional chin acne and this has not irritated my skin at all. Love.We have always worn by the Neutrogena product line. My only critique is the container this came in can clog if it’s not used frequently. I try to get the cap off but it was not budging at all. I wasn’t about to break it and ruined the whole container. It has a lot to do with the fact that there are abrasives that can collect in the dispense nozzle. Despite that, I do like the product.We bought this when we couldn’t get the blue mens invigorating face wash. It’s okay but doesn’t make you feel as clean as the mens wash.I like this product. It's easy to use and has a pleasant color and fragrance. It leaves my face feeling refreshed. But because of its beads, I would not advise it for use around your eyes.For years I’ve had oily skin. I’ve tried everything. Some products worked, but not as good as this one. It removed the oil and dirt on my face and kept my face dry for the whole day. I like that it foams and the menthol penetrates into my skin. It doesn’t burn but has a cooling effect. It may seem expensive but you only need a dime-size on your hand. Lather it up with your hands and apply to a wet face to foam it up. You’ll be amaze by the results. This was recommended by my wife. (I know I should start listening to her. Lol)Awesome so awesome valueNeutrogena is a good product that I’ve bought often. This particular product isn’t quite what I hoped for. The exfoliant is very scarce. It is nice and moisturizing and smells good. I still have to use a moisturizer because I have dry skin and it’s best to use a moisturizer after cleaning face especially at my age. It doesn’t dry the skin which is great. Not sure how well it cleans but seems fine.I love this because it's gentle and it's made for sensitive skin and it smells wonderfulI really like the beads feel in this product along with the fact that it has a nice texture that doesn't feel too soapy or syrupy. The fragrance has a very nice scent, and it feels like it cleans really well. I don't consider it a "deep clean." I use this product at least twice a day, and it always has the same results of cleansing my face.Very invigorating and cooling on the skin. Removes makeup well. Leaves skin feeling clean. I dont have sensitive skin so not sure what happens if you do.I gave the product 4 stars because I chose the wrong Neutrogena facial cleaning product. I was in a hurry and did not pay close attention to my purchase. I have used some of the product but it is not the Neutrogena product I intended to buy! This one has little scrubbing beads in it and I did not care for this. I use the creamy white type in a larger tube. I will use this in a pinch between orders when i am low . There is really nothing wrong with the product except that my preference is another Neutrogena product that works better for my skin type.Used on my face dailyGot this for my son. He really liked it. Worked well. No complaintsI have bought this product for years and it always provided me a great cleaning.My Favorite Product Was Out of Stock So I Tried This as I Had Always Been Pleased with Neutrogena Products in the Past. Scrub Factor was Poor and Consistency was Runny. Do Not Recommend.We got these diapers because the price was unbeatable with the Amazon Mom subscription. We cloth diaper but use disposables at night and on long outings. These diapers have been great on her little bum and can get her through a six or seven hour stretch no problem. They do smell though- its a baby powder scent that's a bit on the chemical side. We've gotten used to it.
I had wished these came with the wetness indicator strip but now that I've been using them I can easily tell just from the feel if its been soiled or not. We will probably buy these in the next size up.Fantastic! My son has had some pretty big messy diapers but not once have we had a leak!! Very happy with Pampers Baby Dry diapers. We went from Pampers Swaddlers Newborn to Baby Dry size 1. With the cost savings I wanted to give them a try and they work great... Good gathers around the legs and the are snug at the waist, especially the backside. There have been some 'oh boy' moments - anticipating a leak but NOPE! My only wish is if they could have the color line indicator for wetness but I can actually tell by looking for that telltale yellow front or back (he's breastfed). It's easy to see through the outside plastic and see if you have a full diaper. Two thumbs up!! I will definitely reorder. We are 3This diaper is very economical and does what it needs to do. It doesn't have the wetness indicator but you can feel or smell for yourself if the diaper is wet. Because of its thinness, you can also see clearly when your baby poops. I prefer the diapers with the wetness indicator. This one does what it needs to do; there's nothing fancy about it. If your baby has a sensitive bottom, though, I would recommend using another type of diaper. There's a reason this one is cheaper than the others.It's no surprise that the product is a good product because I was using it prior to subscribing to it through the Amazon Mom program. The downfall was that my son outgrew the size I ordered before I even opened the box. I was excited to have it arrive on my doorstep with very little effort on my part and should have been more careful about the size I was ordering. Returning it isn't an option at this point because shipping is my responsibility and will cost much as the box is large. So I will donate it to an organization that can give to a mom in need. So for future Amazon Mom subscribers, babies grow overnight, be careful what size diapers you order.I first tried these when my son was 4 weeks old. Pampers SWADDLERS are MUCH better. I bought a huge package of these and I wish I hadn't. First of all they always leak. My son will fill up one of these diapers in no time and he always leaks pee out the sides and up his back. Second, because they don't hold much liquid, his poops also spill out. They leak poop up his back and around his legs (and he does not have skinny legs. He was born 9 pounds.) The diapers aren't that soft either and they have caused my son to get diaper rash. I assume its due to the fact that they're not very absorbent and that they're not that soft. I absolutely hate these diapers. I usually like Pampers brand, but I have huggies and Luvs diapers that I like better than these. I plan to just send them to his daycare and let them deal with them and I'll use diapers I like better at home.As a new mom, I've tried couple of different brands,, and Pampers is the winner. For this specific one, it's great for the cost, but it does not come with wetness indicator... which is something you can live without.. but the ones with it, help quite a bit. But can't complain when you have to change diaper like 12+ times a day, the cost comes as a big player in purchasing such items.I purchased these primarily for the price, but they are a decent diaper. I am using them for my newborn who requires frequent changes. She has had no leakage so far. Overnight, which so far is a max if 4-5 hours, they hold the urine well. They do not blow up when saturated like some other diapers do. I would buy again, especially with the subscribe and save. Great deal!Amazon ships these to us automatically which I highly recommend. Pampers are our favorite. They are very soft, well made, and can hold a LOT of pee. Our 5 month old can sleep through the night without waking up for a diaper change in these and only these diapers. The don't sag the way some of the others do. Did I mention how soft they are? I have no idea why some diapers out there are made out of the hardest crunchiest paper ever but these feel like they are made out of fabric. LOVE pampers!Ok, these diapers are getting 3 stars because they HAVE held in what they're supposed to hold in. However, I really hate the texture of the diapers. They are "plastic-y". I LOVE the Pampers Swaddlers because they are soft, almost fabric-feeling. I bought a huge box of the Baby Dry kind because they were a few bucks cheaper, and thank God we are almost out of this box because I hate the plastic texture of the diaper. I guess that's just personal preference since they seem to perform just fine, but I prefer to have a soft little baby butt when I hold my little one, not a squishy plastic butt!I was worried about these diapers. I read the reviews AFTER purchasing them. There is no elastic on the back like other diapers I've used so we've had about 3 blowouts that came out the back of them. Most of the time they have worked just fine. My son is a big piddler and he has never leaked through these diapers.These diapers are good - nice Sesame Street design, pleasant odor and good size. The one drawback is that they don't have the wetness indicator stripe in the front that I have seen on other Size 1 diapers. There are other Pampers size 1 diapers that still have them (Snugglers, perhaps?), so I'm not sure why they didn't include them in this bulk size.I like these diapers better than the swaddlers. The swaddlers have a mesh in the diaper that would stick to my sons bottom. These pampers are good as far as leak protection, but you can feel when the diaper is wet or poopy. The diaper gets warm or cold to the touch.I would recommend them for the price and quality.We like these diapers, they fit our daughter well, prevent leeks, and are easy to change. However, it's a little difficult to use a product when you don't receive it. In place of our 276, size 1, Pampers, we received 180, size 4, Luvs. Very disappointed, especially since they were sold and shipped by Amazon. The only thing correct was the product type, diapers. Brand, count, and size, were all incorrect. At least they were packaged nicely.I purchased these for my sister in law's baby shower and they were a big hit! I made these adorable diapers into a 4 layer diaper cake and had plenty more to spare. I trust the pamper brand name and so I was glad that I was able to give her a functional and yet presentable gift. My family has always bought Pampers and I'm glad we can continue this tradition with the next bundle of joy.I love pampers but these diapers are just not that great. We seemed to have a lot of blow outs with these. They just do not seem to be made as nice as their other diapers. In my opinion it is worth spending the few extra dollars and getting the pampers swaddlers! They just seem to fit a so much better, hold more baby surprises:), and have the wetness indicator which as an exhausted new mom is a really nice thing to have!I like these diapers, they're easy to put on a squirming baby. I like that the swaddlers have a wet indicator, but those aren't available for Amazon Prime, so I went with these. No real complaints, I can usually tell when my baby needs a change without a wet indicator.I am a new mommy, but I have learned really fast what diapers work and which ones don't. I love Pampers! The Baby Dry have been great, except that they are lacking the stripe that turns blue when baby is wet. The line is super helpful; it made us realize (after using non-line diapers) that our son was wet ALL THE TIME, which was causing a lot of his fussiness. Otherwise, they are great! No leaks!BEWARE!!! Just because the box looks like Pampers Swaddlers Dry Max Diapers, these are NOT the same. My son is now 5 mo. old and we've been using Pampers Swaddlers Dry Max diapers since he was born (you know, with the blue wetness indicator on the front). However, these are NOT Pampers Swaddlers Dry Max. These are thinner, do not have the woven material inside the diaper and are not nearly as absorbent as the Swaddlers. My son has leaked out of his diaper the last 5 nights... these diapers simply are not absorbent enough to contain a night's worth of pee. We rarely had this problem with Dry Max. I won't be buying these again- they simply aren't worth the very little cost savings.I have two main complaints:
1. These are not as absorbant as the pampers swaddlers, and since it's a diaper, that's pretty much its main task. I didn't experience any liquid leakage, but solids were problematic. Any more detailed description will probably prevent this review from being published...
2. These diapers do not have the wetness indicator lines that are found on the swaddlers. I didn't realize that those lines were so useful until I subscribed to these (used to get them at Target).
Anyway, these two reasons are sufficient for me to cancel my subscription after two shipments.

This review is by no means related to Amazon's subscription and shipping service. I think Amazon does a fantastic job with that. All shipments arrived before the stated arrival dates with no problems at all!I like pampers diapers. These hold pee very well but not so much poop. My daughter is breastfed so it is kind of watery and with the baby dry diapers, it wouldn't soak it up and would run out of the back of the diaper. They also made my daughter break out with a rash. Overall I wouldn't get these again. Go with the Pampers Swaddler diapers.works ok for us...but we are not fussy.... more like commercial grade.I like that it is 2-ply. It’s not super soft, but then again, I feel like toilet paper that is too soft winds up crumbling and getting stuck in place I don’t want it to be stuck, if you know what I mean. Better than Scott 1-ply.Decent, not soft as Charmin bit doablehurts my buttA lot of roles to last me a few months.GreatDon’t expect this to be fancy toilet paper. It’s not going to be as soft, it will rip easier then brand name toilet paper, but it gets the job done. You get a lot more for less and that’s what I am looking for. We have a bide so just need something to wipe away the waterIt works. Does not fall apart.Works for meI purchased these bath tissues because of the good price. And quantity. They were considered "open box new condition" so l rolled the dice. The box was a little on the rough side but all 96 rolls were there! (Not the norm for open box) Usually several rolls may be missing and the box really damaged. That's been my experience.
The quality is alright a bit rough and the width is narrower than some other brands. These rolls are probably well suited for a business. As I mentioned the tissues are on the rough side. The rolls are individually well wrapped. Which is a good thing. The rolls last awhile too. The roll that I started with was actually hard to start unrolling as the first sheets were glued tight. Just be aware of that.
The last big box of bath tissue that I purchased were Brighton. The sheets were were larger, softer, lighter colored. Much softer than Torx, and the rolls were easier to start.
Torx are a good value, but I will likely go back to Brighton.Me encanto!! Lo voy a volver a comprar me ayudo mucho a ahorrar.I order this Tork toilet paper every month and half we have a large household better to buy this in bulk great value price! Toilet paper is very soft highly recommend.Good product, good delivery serviceThis is a whole case as in 96 rolls that I wish I'd never bought. It's not soft and flakes when you wipe. Not at all impressed. I bought a case about a year ago and it was great. This is awful. I will think twice before ever buying another case.Not the softest but gets job doneSmall puny rollsNot sure what to say it, the product successfully removed fecal matter from my bungholeRough and doesn’t clean as well as other two ply won’t get againSoft and absorbent.Headline says it all. This product is near identical to AngelSoft, but able to be bought in bulk and cheaper.Easy to dismantle and reassemble. Super bright and turns on fast and full intensity in the cold. Bought for laminating barn main hall. Perfect.Nice light for use in my shop. Also bought the hanger kits. Fixtures do not instantly achieve maximum light as stated but in 45 degree room it takes roughly 1-2 minutes which is reasonable.put these up in my basement, AWESOME lighting! Bought more of them because they worked so good.Wow, this sucker lights up the place.

Replaces a regular two bulb eight footer and it seems we are getting much more light. Mounted about 18' up and we can see slight shadows around boxes at ground level. The present 8's don't seem to do that. We will be buying a few more fixtures for the warehouse.I bought two. One only lasted three years. Too tough an install, to last only three years.Using this to provide light to seedlings I'm starting indoors. I have it about 2 feet above my plants, and the light is perfectly uniform - did not notice any dark spots that others have mentioned.Daughter called and said it sounded broken!!!! Lamps were shatteredgoodBrightest light ever I installed it over my engine tears own table at about 9' gives great light offKinda crappy. VERY flimsy construction and fasteners, AND after about 2-3 years I had to change BOTH ballasts out. (earlier purchase_ they failed at different times. just GREAT.

another unit now has failed a ballast one left in that one.great light qualityVery goodPurchased 12 T8 high bay lights for my shop, super bright at 1st, then about 1 year in one by one they started to go out, so now I have to replace 11 lights, you can do the math, ya not happy! We replaced the 50 year old original 1960s fluorescent and seriously thinking of hanging them back up... sad.These are great light, high quality. High outputGood valueConverted a sprinkler head into a drip garden hose.Such a handy pack. Every time I need some sort of irrigation part I go to my local big box home improvement store and I'm forced to buy a package with anywhere from 10 to 50 pieces. That's a nice way to package the items if you're installing a new irrigation system but it's a whole lot more than I'll ever need to maintain my existing system or plant something new now and then.

This kit has 30 of the most common pieces that are sure to save me more than a few trips to the store for the foreseeable future.I had a few drip lines that needed to be plugged - this worked perfect especially with the tabs at the end of the plug - makes it easy to jam These are extremely handy for completing circuits with quarter inch drip irrigation tubing, branched off of half-inch tubing. You can also use some of these fittings to join quarter inch to quarter inch, or add a link for other fittings.Good seller good valueI liked this set of 1A reasonably priced useful assortment. I really only needed the irrigation line blanking plugs but bought the assortment since it represented better value. It is always good to have spare parts for an irrigation system as the configuration is always changing.One reviewer complained about leaking I used MIXC 1I like it.I thought I would not nee all of these in the assortment, but it is always great to have another part when you need it. No more running to my local home store when a repair or replacement is needed.This product was far superior than other fittings I purchased on amazon. Primarily, the tips are sharpened and there are multiple rows of barbs to hold the lines. The strength of the plastic is good. This was not the case on other products I purchased.It's just what I needed. Perfect.This assorted pack is a great value! They are easy to install and so far I've had no problems. The "barbs" are perhaps not as sharp as the Rain Bird brand but I found that poking a hole in the main irrigation tube first with a garden staple made the job super easy. I just with they sold the straight barbs in a separate pack because I need more of those. Anyone wanna trade?The product works great if you need to attach hosing together I should just using this for all your hydroponic needs these pieces are made out of some type of very hard plastic they will not Bend or break easily they are not flimsy they are very reliableI installed a drip irrigation system this year for 3 gardens plus one front house flower bed and omigod I am so grateful that I did! It has been getting hot so I've been getting the lazies and haven't been getting outside to water the garden especially since 2 of them are in different locations! These connectors made connecting the drip tubing a breeze although I do have a Mason jar of just boiled water to slightly warm up the tubing so I could easily and effortlessly slip on the barbed connectorsNot much to say. They seem to be built strong to hold up for years to come. there is a nice assortment for various applications, I used more of the plugs than I thought I would because of moving some of the pots to different locations. I haven't had any of them blow off of the tubing.Just what I need.Ended up adding a new line and extending some existing ones in my misting systems. These worked well with the existing setup.Orbit {love} the plugs are easy to handle, the couplerThis device is difficult to use and definitely not very portable -- its the size of a swiss army knife and longer, as well as heavy.I can’t use my left hand so it works great for me. However, while, the loop designed for large pants button worked great for most pant, I had jean which after being washed the loop designed for that use was difficult to get over some jeans button. Si the other large hook work but I did like the design of the other for purpose loop. I used a dremmel and did a mod making it work better. Worked for me for months, but now I have gotten better with one hand and don’t need it any more. I easily can recommend it.
Funny, is scary for some wghen they sent clipped to a pocket until the r see what it’s for. My occupational therapists all have liked it.I like the fact that it is sturdy and actually does work.This is a good tool. Well made from quality materials. Nicely designed so it fits easily in your hand. Pretty light as well.

And tools galore. Four of them. Three of them to assist with various kinds of buttons and a fourth to help with zipper pulls and pulling apart knots.

For me, though, it seems to be overkill. All of my button assistance needs can be handled by a traditional buttonhook. Two of the ViVi’s button tools are actually more complicated to use than the traditional buttonhook.

However, I think the usefulness of this toll will be largely determined by the dexterity of your fingers and hands. My dexterity, at this point, thankfully isn’t greatly limited. But I can see where a person would less dexterity would find this tool more useful.

I’m not disappointed that I bought this. As I said, it’s a well-designed, well-made tool. But I am not sure I won’t return it because I still haven’t decided how useful it is to me.

JerryI have used this product before for my husband and it worked very well. I now have ordered 2 for friends of mine who need this assistance. I know they will appreciate having it to make their life easier.I bought this for someone who has ALS I was really happy to hear it helped him zipped up his zipper but he had a difficult time button as buttons with itHandles shirt buttons and Levi fly buttons.I bought this for my girlfriend's Dad (lives in another city)when I overheard him talking about having trouble buttoning his buttons, and had to have his Wife do it for him. I had worked in a dry cleaners before, and remembered that there was a device that we used to button shirts quickly(100's per day). So I searched Amazon for a buttoning hook I came across a few options. I was worried about quality if I purchased something inexpensive, and I didn't want it to be flimsy, so I looked for the one that seemed to be the highest quality and usefulness. I sent it to him 8 months ago, and he said it was thoughtful and that was that. Today, seeing him again for the first time since I sent it, he cried(actual tears) about how much he appreciated the gift and how he uses it every day. He was bothered by not being able to do simple things himself anymore, and I was really taken aback by how much this simple device helped him. I would suggest a buttoning hook for anyone having issues with buttons, it's really a life changer, and I think this one is a solid top-notch piece.

He also told me a story about his trip back from Ireland in August where he was stopped by the TSA and had to show them what it was and how he used it. He got up in front of all of us to tell the story showing us what he showed them, buttoning his pants and shirt. He was chuckling and laughing the entire time. Only bad part is that I have no idea what gift I will get him that will ever follow this up....maybe take his daughter off his hands?Fits in pocketI purchased this for my work in a retail clothing store. Constant buttoning up garments people left every button unbuttoned. Also canvas type coats with metal buttons were hard to re-button. This worked great. I am also getting to an age where sometimes it is hard to button certain clothing items for myself. So, works great at work and home.At times, I have problems with small motor control in my fingers. Some call this problem neuropathy. When this happens, I find it difficult to feel small items like buttons and zippers. This makes it very difficult to get dressed unless I wear pants with elastic waists and pullover shirts with no buttons. I have another device that makes shirt buttons a snap to close but it is made of thin wire and will not work to pull heavier buttons like those on jeans and other pants through the button holes. This device has four tools that fold up like a pocket knife. The large hook on the end will pass through the button hole and grab the thread behind the button and pull heavier buttons through the hole with ease This really comes in handy when you want to wear pants. Sometimes a zipper may get stuck down at the bottom after the button is closed and it is difficult to release without reopening the button. This device has a small hook that can reach through the hole in the zipper and with one quick tug it will release the stuck zipper and help to pull it up. This is the first device that I have found to help with those heavier buttons. The tools for small buttons work fine too. But I prefer the lighter weight wire device puller for shirt type buttons.Pocket clip is handy but could be a little heavier very easy to use. Big help with jeansThis works well Afters few attempts each time. The problem I have with it is the blades fold back into the frame too easily. It is hard to get the hook over a button without the blade folding. It needs to have springs like a pocket knife that keep the blade out.He never got to use it. We gave this to my father for Father’s Day when he came down to visit. He’s in his late 80s.

For the flight home he packed it into his carry-on. We were not with him at the time, so we could not help: TSA could not understand what this device was for and ordered him to remove it from the package then and there and demonstrate it. Since he did not get around to this beforehand, under the stress of the moment he just told them to throw it away.

If you buy this for someone who needs it, please take the time to go over how to use it with them, take it out of the package and practice a bit, and don’t gift it right before they have to leave on a flight.

As for the manufacturers of this product: Some elderly are traveling with only their carry-on, so maybe you need to set something up with the TSA so they can become familiarized with it, so this total waste of what could have been a very helpful tool for the physically challenged does not have to happen again.A superior tool! I was highly impressed with the quality of construction, the fit, and the finish. Every time I pick it up, I marvel at it. The pocket clip can be mounted on the other side of the handle (with Torx type fastener bit) for left or right handers should you want to carry this in your pocket, although the clip itself is too thick and is very stiff for easy use. Best to forget about clipping this to your pocket anyway. The large button hook is indeed perfect for buttoning jeans or heavier fabrics. The key to using the hooks is to rotate the hook device just as it enters the button hole to then get the edge of the button out of the button hole for a quick and easy fasten. The instructions on the back of the package clearly show this rotation technique, which makes the fastening process very quick. I have purchased another of these for my mother who has arthritis in her hands. This tool is more than worth its price. Recommended for anyone who has difficulty grasping buttons and zipper pulls. I really, really am impressed!Bigger than I thought from the pictures. I like the strap. A case to wear it on belt would be nice, tooMakes you much more independentI should have read the reviews! Don’t be fooled by the Swiss Army Knife looks, looks functional, but it is not! I’m keeping this in hopes that it will somehow prove useful or might try to return. First, it is sturdy and well built. However, it doesn’t help much as a dressing aid. It should have a locking mechanism for the various tools. They tend to fold back up. You purchase this because you have decreased dexterity, but it requires excellent dexterity to use.
Unable to return!This seems to be a very good copy of the original Pocket Dresser. I've had a few of these in the past, but this is the 1st by Vivi for me. It's made exactly like the original & quality has not suffered.
For me, the large hook for the top button on pants is the only blade I ever use. BUT!! I'd be lost without it because I've never been able to get any other button tool to work on jeans & that's all I ever wear.
One little mod I've done to this & my other ones is to take a small S hook & crimp it to the strap. Then I hook it in the finger hole when the blade is open. Depending on your disability, this may not be necessary, but I had trouble with the blade folding into the handle when I was trying to button my pants. I cut off some of the hook to make it easier to unhook from the blade.
This is about the 4th or5th one I've bought. They never wear out. I keep leaving them in public rest rooms & when I remember & go back, they're gone already.Husband has bad hands this really helps with bytto6Really like this toy.. only used 3 or 4 times so far but great experience! its the perfect amount of hard while still having a little bit of softness to make it pretty lifelike. The vibration is ok. Nothing special, nothing bad to say either. its powerful enough, a little more power would be nice but again at this price range this is already exceeding expectations.i just received this 3 days ago and the last 3 days have been amazing Its big and girthy like I like it its so soft and the texture is so life like the real thing I have to use my Butt Plug to open me up before I can use this I need alot of lube but the thrill is so amazing especially when it hits my prostate I came hands free the second day i used it I would definately would buy again Today after 3 days of jamming my ass its so happy and now im used to it being so big and girthy I just love itLet’s just say I’m no novice to toys and this is one of the first ones that I’ve been truly disappointed in.

Pros: Exactly the size I was looking for and had a nice feel on the skin.

Cons: It’s not firm at all, like I could grip it too hard and it would explode. It’s super squishy and hardly firm enough to use. It had a weird textureWhen I purchased this vibrator for my wife to work towards fisting, I anticipated it would be bigger. From some of the reviews describing it as "huge" and "enormous", that's what I was expecting. While it's a bit bigger than my wife's first vibrator, it is pretty much a match to my own size and girth and as a result my wife handles this dildo without a problem. Feels very natural and vibrations are good. Good buy.Nice feel and good amount of vibration.great productPerfect size for my lady

Good Length And Thick.

It is hard to hold on to when lubed. Have had to reorder because pressure on battery container has broken it.

Wish it had a better way to hold on to while using it on my ladyinstalled new batteries. it worked for ~ 10 minutes and was gradually losing speed over that time, then it shut off. we thought the batteries were bad. tried several sets of new batteries. unit never came on again.
so they texture and dual material density was great, the electronics lasted 10 minutes. there was no corrosion in the unit. the battery cap was on correctly and its mechanism was not loose, but it just stopped workingThis product will challenge you at first but it’s well worth it;)Amazing! Feels almost like the real thing, only better since it can keep going as long as you can. On full speed it had me screaming with pleasure. Unfortunately, it suddenly stopped working a few months after I bought it.Got it for my wife and we are working on getting it in. So far only about four inches will fit. Its quite thick. Just a little thinner than deep dicking dereck. With lots of lube and an extra large magnum condom, there is a possibility! Having fun with it though!Had to use some lube and we go slow, but it gets a good reaction from my girlfriend.Feel so good and so realIt didn't arrive broken, but i can already tell that it will be within the first couple of uses.spice it upFeels nice to the touch but when in play the vibrations aren’t very strong feeling.Definitely more girth than a beginner should be able to handle but experienced individuals can have a fun time with this.

Super easy to clean and great adjustable vibration.Used it with my wife. She loved it.Silky smooth texture really does feel like the real thing. Although it is very thick, it's comfortable when using with a water based lube. The vibrations are just enough to take you where you want to go! Oh and it comes with a 90 day warranty! Don't be afraid to buy this toy.Batteries don’t fit in it. Requires two AA, but they don’t fit. Fine as long as you are not expecting to have vibrations.Overall I'm happy with these. I bought Ruby and it looks slightly more pinkish-red than the pics, but still very pretty. These have a white* thermal lining, which I wanted, not the black lining of most "blackout" curtains available on Amazon these days (I've tried several!). And they're not super-super heavy like all the other "blackout" curtains I've tried lately that are "3 layers" woven with the heavy black lining. These seem to be doing a very good job blocking light and heat (I need the heat reflection properties most). Although these are not supposed to be 100% blackout, they're more blackout than the so-called 100% blackout curtains I've tried recently. I'm not using them in the bedroom (where I do NEED 100% blackout), so don't need 100%, but I think these would likely work in the bedroom. The length seems accurate, though I haven't unpackaged and hung them all yet to double check that they are all the right length. Did not notice any stitchingI used this to separate rooms in a doorway instead of a door. It's great and I love it it does the job!! It's thick enough. You can spray some water on it to get the wrinkles out and pat and a run you hands through it like an iron with just water and your hands. I would not use an iron on this material it could melt or if you do use a towel over it and iron on very low . It's real lifesaver . We moved into a place with no door. It helps with privacy and I bought a short one so the cats can go right under it with out have to worry . They walk under the drapes and air circulates under it. I almost didn't buy this place because the was no door on the bathroom and I'm not handy.These are a great value and an excellent choice if you need to keep your home cooler in the summer and warmer in the winter. They're also ideal if you need to shield your bedroom from outside light, to get a good night's sleep (or if you're napping during the day).

So far, we've only used these drapes in the summer, and in bay windows that receive the afternoon sun. Since summer 2022 was beastly hot, we needed all the help we could get, to keep our aThey’re the exact shade of pink I wanted but as you can see from the picture on a semi cloudy morning A LOT of light shows through. It gives my room a pinkish glow which is cool.
You can not see through the curtains, so sheerness gets 5 stars. The curtains have a decent weight to them so they should be energy efficient. Overall, I’m content with them.Great curtains! I bought these curtains for the color and for the privacy. And they work great! You can’t see through it, and it keeps out light very well. They also stop drafts and winds from coming through and are made of a nice, durable material. I highly recommend the purple ones! I got the super long length too - the “84 inch ones.I ordered the white but they seem light grey. I was surprised at the weight of the panels as my expectations were kind of low. I think these will serve the purpose of keeping the room warmer this winter.They are fine for blocking the light. However, I attempted to steam the wrinkles and they didn’t come out. I washed them according to the instructions, line dried, and ironed on liw heat but they are still wrinkled.I purchased the "cafe" color, expecting that it would be a light brown. However, I found the color to be more in the gold family of colors, especially when up against a true, light, neutral, brown wall. Also, the yellow tones of the curtains are a bit cool, thereby clashing with the warmer undertones of the brown. The fabric itself is very nice, looks much more expensive than it actually is. The back side of each curtain is white, which is also nice. And, I was impressed by how lightweight each panel is. I exchanged the cafe for the ivory and found that the ivory was just pretty white actually, which is fine. My difficulty is that this fabric looks and feels like a form of plastic. They are still lightweight and with a white backing, but I fear that they will look cheap once hanging on the windows. I'm sorry to say I am returning the ivory as well.I really like the way the curtains look. Not so sure yet if they are energy efficient or how well they block out the light since the curtains are in a spare bedroom. They probably aren't the best. BUT for the money, you can't beat it. I am pleased with the purchase.I was looking for lime green curtains with rod pockets and was happy to find these at a great price for my daughter. They are a great green color and they are also a good blackout curtain. They are a decent quality, definitely good for the price.I like these. I purchased these to replace the ones I left at my old house. I love the color and you cannot see through them. Good value and they give privacy in the rooms. They are also energy efficient. No draft.I’m going to put them up when I change my summer curtains to the winter ones. I’m in the process of installation my windows first. I live in apartment building where the heat is limited.I will be purchasing again for my bedroom. They work great for blocking out light.These are good quality, and they block light well enough. I got them to darken my toddler’s room in the summer, and it works for that. The only thing I dislike is how hard it is to open them. They are lined with a rubbery plastic coating, which is also inside of the rod pockets, so they are really difficult to pull open. I’m not able to lift them up as I try to slide them open because there is a small toy shelf in front of the window, but maybe it would be easier to open if I could lift and slide at the same time.Of course the material is a little stiffThey're nice white curtains that let light in during the day but definitely not true blackout, or even close to "potential" blackout curtains. They do look great in person though. However, it was a pain to have to place 2-3 orders for the amount of sheers needed as the company has a limit of 3 per purchase.Not sure what u was expecting but it's not bad honestlyI prefer this over my $400 jar of La Mer. Great quality. Thick and creamy without being oily. My skin is sensitive so I have to be particular with what I use on my face. This same 1.7 ounce jar that is sold on Amazon for $13 is selling at my local Health Food Store for $25 so it's a bargain.I have been using the CannaCell Day Cream for the past year, and I love the scent; but my skin needs a more nourishing composition. The night cream is a richer formula than the day cream. The night cream feels creamy as you apply it but it does not feel greasy on the face. My face feels fresh and the scent remind me of fresh green herbs. The box was shrink wrapped, which gave me peace of mind and trust in the quality. Thank you for the good service and good product. I got it in 3 days.Great night cream for sensitive skin. I am almost 32 and keeping my skin young and healthy has always been a priority. It’s not too thick and absorbs nicely. My best friend was just visiting and he had the same exact cream! Great minds, beautiful faces. ;)It's a delightful feeling creme, very moisturizing.I have sensitive skin and I have purchased this multiple times. Very light scent that smells like real rose which I love! Wonderful product!I found this at whole foods but Amazon had it for 1My wife loves this stuff and when I found it for again she was very happy , All I know is she swears by this stuff!!I have ordered this product several times. My skin feels clean and not greasy after application. I have oily skin and it works great for me.Husband and I were avid Rodan+Fields customer and then we found this. It’s amazing and it’s cleared my husbands rosacea. I highly recommend.I use a lot of Andalou creams and lotions. They are all great. This one was too. I didn’t notice much different from the other lines in the product range. I love the Rose line and probably will order that when I need more night cream.I loved this product in the winter when my dry skin needs all the help it can get, but as the weather gets warmer, it’s just too heavy. I’ve been breaking out because of it. Makes me sad because I had hoped it would be a year-round regimen. Oh well, saving it for winter I guess.It doesn't do anything for fine lines or wrinkles. I am not thrilled about smell either.Decidí comprar esta crema por los comentarios positivos que leí pero la verdad fue ilusión óptica, pues la usarla la encontré no muy absorbente se sentía muy gruesa, no la compraré másI am a guy. I start with that so that you will all learn from my experience with this product. My wife was on a mission to find a product that would help with her facial acne and redness. I was at Whole Foods one day and asked an expert to recommend a product for my wife. She quickly recommended this saying that Resveratrol was great for acne. I bought it on the spot.

I should also tell you that I myself am a product junkie. Every since I was in my 20's I have been cursed with horrible razor rash Arrived on time exactly as described. I'm a big fan of the brand & looking forward to trying this.Good moisturizer that makes my face feel moisturized all night.Nice cream.I actually really love this product - my face feels soft the next morning, and it’s really good with my sensitive skin. It spreads on smoothly and has a nice scent. I am not sure it helps with my deeper lines, but the fine lines seem diminished.Great product best priceworks wellworks wellVery good value here on Amazon. Slightly cheaper or pretty much the same price as in store. The toothpaste is very effective and leaves the mouth feeling fresh. Love it.The flavor is wonderful and I like the way it makes my mouth feel after I brush my teeth. Great Product.Love the fresh taste.as describedFlavor and freshness was as expected.5 stars from me and will buy again!! However i can see how many come damaged like other reviews say… if your deliverer is careless with packages yes itll get squished and damaged, its not delivered in a box!! Mine didnt have a single dent and quality is 100% the same as store bought, ive been usin it for years! First time to buy from amazon but definitely will again!!I hope they never change this product.It’s good as far as toothpaste go. The taste is fine.Smaller and more expensive.With ScopeI cannot comment on whitening capabilities. However, I am skeptical as I've never found a toothpaste that will whiten my teeth.GiftIt's what I have been using for years at a great price.This is the only toothpaste that I use.I’ve been using this for quite some time. While at the dentist one day, they asked what I use since my teeth were so white! I don’t plan on changing any time soon!It's a bit stronger a flavor than I would prefer but that's personal preference. I had some that had "breath strip" flavoring in it awhile back and thought this would be similar but it's stronger.

It does what toothpaste should and leaves you minty though so while I might try a more subtle flavor next time there's nothing wrong with it. Whitening wasn't a factor in my purchase and I don't know that I've noticed any yet.I have used this brand for years and often purchase the 3-pack. No complaints about the product. Extremely satisfied with it. This is the first time I opened a tube and began to squeeze and squeeze and squeeze before any toothpaste came out. The tube was almost 1We have used Crest toothpaste only for over 40 years. I have zero cavities. I especially like this one because it is whitening which helps as I age. I also love the minty taste. I like the 3 pack so I don’t have to worry about running out.Very good product. However the packaging needs improvement. It was dented and therefore look used. Quality control needs improvement. But nonetheless still good toothpaste. ThanksThis system works great in my garage, and the dispenser is nice...but the soap smells worse than the cheapest soap I have ever smelled. Cranberry? Ha. Far from it, not even close. Seriously, we can’t make the soap smell better than a babies diaper? And when it comes to choices for soap smells, there are only a couple. Since it’s in the garage, I’ll only deduct 1 star, if I had bought this for inside the home, I would’ve returned it. If you use hand soap from bath and body or similar and are used to awesome aroma’s, you will probably hate this. Also need to press the dispenser 2-3 times to get enough soap to be satisfied, however, it seems to last since I don’t use it every day. Soap feels cheap compared to others.The adhesive on the back is supposed to be reinforced with screws, but we had to put it where our old one was located (our former supplier tore the old unit off the sheetrock and left a hole we had to cover), and there were no studs to use for stability. The sticker on the back, however, is very effective, and we haven't had any issues with it falling off. We don't have dainty hands using it, either. It's in the Men's bathroom in a Production facility.

I would have given it the full 5 stars, but it doesn't look like it'll last more than a year or so. It's just cheap plastic.I bought this soap dispenser to replace an older metal box type soap dispenser. This dispenser was less expensive than the other ones I looked at, but the casing is actually sturdier and more durable than I expected. Easy to load the soap and see when it needs to be refilled. Includes screws as well as double sided foam tape. I almost always mount things with screws, but this time I used the tape. The dispenser has been in use in a commercial bathroom for the last two months and it has held up great. The foam tape holds really well.Works great it’s what I was looking forThough it might cost a bit extra, the GoJo dispenser and soap works well.Easy to install and soap last for ever. Ideal for mediums size businessesIt's fine. It's just soap and a dispenser, but works well. Will last a good while.Love the smellThis system works great in my garage, and the dispenser is nice...but the soap smells worse than the cheapest soap I have ever smelled. Cranberry? Ha. Far from it, not even close. Seriously, we can’t make the soap smell better than a babies diaper? And when it comes to choices for soap smells, there are only a couple. Since it’s in the garage, I’ll only deduct 1 star, if I had bought this for inside the home, I would’ve returned it. If you use hand soap from bath and body or similar and are used to awesome aroma’s, you will probably hate this. Also need to press the dispenser 2-3 times to get enough soap to be satisfied, however, it seems to last since I don’t use it every day. Soap feels cheap compared to others.The adhesive on the back is supposed to be reinforced with screws, but we had to put it where our old one was located (our former supplier tore the old unit off the sheetrock and left a hole we had to cover), and there were no studs to use for stability. The sticker on the back, however, is very effective, and we haven't had any issues with it falling off. We don't have dainty hands using it, either. It's in the Men's bathroom in a Production facility.

I would have given it the full 5 stars, but it doesn't look like it'll last more than a year or so. It's just cheap plastic.I bought this soap dispenser to replace an older metal box type soap dispenser. This dispenser was less expensive than the other ones I looked at, but the casing is actually sturdier and more durable than I expected. Easy to load the soap and see when it needs to be refilled. Includes screws as well as double sided foam tape. I almost always mount things with screws, but this time I used the tape. The dispenser has been in use in a commercial bathroom for the last two months and it has held up great. The foam tape holds really well.Works great it’s what I was looking forThough it might cost a bit extra, the GoJo dispenser and soap works well.Easy to install and soap last for ever. Ideal for mediums size businessesIt's fine. It's just soap and a dispenser, but works well. Will last a good while.Love the smellI use this soup in alot of my casseroles and slow cooker recipes. It has a wonderful flavor without it being overpowering. Very good value knowing how much Campbell's is per can in the store.Garlic you can taste but its not over powering or too strong. @ $1 can I decided to try because my local grocer was nearly double the cost. I've also used this when making white gravy and it is a nice twist.We love Campbell Cream of Broccoli soup. Glad Amazon had it cause you can't find it anywhere around where we live.Why use msg? Won’t buy again because of thisI did not take pictures of the cans as I will use them as quickly as I can. I have enjoyed the use of this soup and I will order it again when time comes.I have missed being able to get this at the store, its one of my favorites... but has been replaced with broccoli and cheddar so I'm glad I can get it hereI like the garlic, it gives the soup more of a punch to flavorI can't find this soup in my local grocery stores, so I'm delighted to find it here. I ordered a large quantity. I always worry I might get out-of-date products, but I received these in mid-November 2021 and they are good until March 2023. They also have the ring pull tab tops. The box was a little beat up, mostly likely from the mail carrier since the cans were heavy, but all cans were there and undamaged. Looking forward to cooking my lemon broccoli chicken. :)It's great stuff. I use it in a lot of my cooking. But the fact that either Campbell's is removing this product off their line or they are having difficulty with production made it to where the price was high for it. It usually ranges from $1.00-1.20 a can. This is about 3+ per can.PLEASE ... consider adding this flavor Campbell's Condensed "Cream of Mushroom with Roasted Garlic" Soup, 10.5 oz. Can (Pack of 12) to the Subscribe & Save option.

I can't function without this product in my pantry at all times. So many different uses. Rice, pasta, potatoes, veggies, etc. I used to buy the "Cream of Mushroom" soup but the roasted garlic variation kicks everything up another notch. There are other ways to add mushrooms, garlic, and sauce to a dish, but if you live on a strict budget and have limited time to prepLove the soup!!!!!unfortunately the garlic detracts too much from the mushroom taste, despite adding the usual amount of white pepper.Wondered why these were so cheap. Cans badly dented but all still sealed.

Soup is fantastic.3 cases of cans dumped into a box. Lot off dented cans. Will not order in this quantity in the future.I ALWAYS buy singles cans from walmart so I decided on a case.... the flavor and color is off..hardly any garlic in there and the color is almost whitedon't understand why local stores discontinued this as well as cream of asparagus. campbell's web site doesn't say and i love both of these soups for eating alone as well as a substitute for cream of celery on recipies.Some cans were all onions but little if any broccoli.We use this fur cooking meals. Hzve not been able to find in the grocery stores.I use this to make a cream sauce with Chicken and rice. And whatever I am cooking in a crock potCampbell so you know it's good it's exactly as you expectAfter cancer surgery these pads allowed a close relative to continue to wear actual underwear which helped him regain his confidence. It will be forever but they work well and life is pretty normal which he well
deserves.Purchased for a client who cannot remember to change his pullups very well. These are very absorbent ads the much needed extra protection. He was soaking his bedding every night, even through the extra layers of chucks. With theirs I am not changing his bedding every day, although still have to do that some daysgoodI continue to order and use this product. I am satisfied with the product.It does the job.Comfortable yes, reliable no! absorbency is only .medium If you have a heavy stream forget these!A great addition to any diaper. Took it through the night (with assistance of diaper) I’m extremely pleasedThis is a necessity and it's good not to have to go to the store to purchase.Good product if you need it.Enlarged prostate with substantial urgency from time to time depending on what and how much I drink. The problem isn't so bad that I have to plan my existence around incontinence like folks more unfortunate. I'm in the initial stage of 'who knows what'll happen' with my prostate or how bad this will become. So, I monitor and l'll wear these occasionally 'just in case' on social outings. Adhesive sorta' helps keep it in place. Great product that looks like they could double as a menstrual pad as well. (Fresh appreciation for some of what women experience monthly prior to menopause:-).)My husband has been using Depend Men Guards inside Depend men's underwear for night time protection, and it is working well. I do have to safety pin the front end corners inside the Depend underwear before he puts it on and I assist in centering penis to line up with center of the Guard. Not a big deal. We tried external catheter and super max women's sanitary pads, but this product did a better job of protecting against leakage. Best of all, it is quick to remove in the middle of the night, leaving the dry underwear underneath good for the rest of the night.Depends are a well known brand and like up to their word!need more absorbancyThanks for quickly solving the problemliked everything about it.please send me more!!These guards are a little more expensive than some of the store brands but they are better quality and worth the extra money.Solimo guardswow there is so many for such a low $
husband got cancer said he will need them [lol] nope now we have a ton
think we will donate them to nursing home

Fast delivery, great $

FYI ~ all cancer gone. Thank GodThese guards are good but not as good as the max absorbency ones. There are times that when lifting out of the wheel chair these will leak at the last moment. I wish the sides were better built. At least my charge will wear these saying that they are much more comfortable than the ones with an almost plastic feel edge.I recommend these to my friends in the same predicament as I. They perform as advertised. Because of that, they satisfy all expectations and restore confidence.I have tried other products, of course not all, but many. I keep coming back to this product which gives my hair some body and fullness that lasts so I'm thankful for it.Great product! I’ve used it a couple of times ! Adds volume. Has a nice smell. Sometimes I do have to work it through my hair really good with a brush using the blow dryer because it will make my hair a little “crunchy”. Just drying my hair a little more gets rid of the crunch. Great product in my opinion!Tryed it not for my hair type on the thinner sideI used it on towel-dried hair, put it in a pony tail and went to sleep. The next day my hair felt luscious and was easy to style with a few twirls of my curling iron. So far, so good. My habit is to wash my hair every other day. So I put my hair in a loose pony tail and went to bed. Hair was good the second day, but the roots were really greasy. Hence, 4 instead of 5 stars.Really nice volume while being soft, even when you use a bunch. Lasts a couple of days too. Works with blowdrying and air drying.This John Frieda products is one of my favorites.
It is lightweight but adds fullness to limp hair.This is a great volumizer for fine hair and definitely does what the product claims to. Terrific price and I’ll be purchasing again!I used for hair volume and it workedDoes exactly as described!Product did exactly as advertised. Loved the fullness it gave my short spikey hair. But when I got to the bottom third of the can…….it started coming out very watery…….even after shaking it quite a bit. Disappointing as I thought I found a new product I would buy again and again.I live in a humid area and it does help keep hair frizz at bay. However it makes my hair so sticky I can't get a comb throigh it.If you have fine wavy hair that is getting thin, you will love the John Frieda Volume Lift.I have very thin hair but this product seems to work great but I do have to reapply it however it doesn’t coat the hair and keeps in place.Love it..but it quit foaming halfway thru the bottle. Now it just comes out like a liquid.
Needs to fix this if the company wants us to keep buying it.This is a medium hold mousse, not sticky and pleasantly scented
Worked great, washes out easilyNothing compares to this mousse. It defines my curls like no other. I have not found anything I like as much as I like this and hope I can get it forever. It's the best!Great holdIts mouse for your hair and it dispensed fine.
The issue is the lack of security around the cover.
Actual plastic is normal to keep the product "SAFE".
Using scotch tape to hold the cover down, screams negatively at me.
This is the "new normal" for Amazon pharmacy-type products.
I think I'll go to a reputable store next time.Like the scent and its makes my hair have more volume.I keep five bottles on reserve at all times so I never run out. That is how amazing this stuff is I suggest everyone buy it that may need a little extra umph in their hair!I know these are for women and I'm a guy who has incontinence and uses diapers I also put a pad in for added protectionI have to change my pad quite a bit, but that’s because I have a heavy flow. I’m sure these will be perfect for someone who doesn’t have such a heavy flow.Just your basic product. Really good on price.I have three daughters and these are a staple in my house. They work great and they are comfortable to wear.These are absolutely my go-to. They are comfortable, stay put, and very gentle on skin. I've never had these pads move or roll and stick to skin. Great product, definitely recommended!I like these pads because they are not bulky. They absorb better than other brands.Just love itVery long, way to long for me to use while out, I’ll try them to maybe sleep in. Seem ok besides that, but haven’t tried them yetI have really sensitive skin, especially "down there". These pads are great because they don't cause any irritation and are super absorbent. They are also super light so it feels like I'm not wearing anything.I thought I struck gold when I found them some years back. Plus I hate wings and it’s hard to find pads wI love the product. No scent and it works wonderful!Really great size. Easy to use. No flaps which I don’t like at all. Just about perfect for wear. Stay in place and hold up well.When I was in college I was involved in marketing research. Part of my job for over a year was investigating women's uses and preferences of feminine hygiene products, in other words pads and tampons. That's when I decided, if I ever needed to use pads on a fairly regular basis, Kotex would be my brand. After having four children, I need pads more regularly than I have in the past. I like these pads. Unfortunately, I do have to agree with other reviews about the cover. The paper strip and cover shouldn't be attached. The paper cover on all pads was designed so that you can use the cover for disposing of the used pad once you're through with it. Not everyone uses it for that, I don't, but there are those who do, or would like to, and they can't because that paper strip is attached to the cover. Come on Kotex! Get back to the original design, so the cover can be used however your customers choose to use it!

The cover aside, I like these pads because they are soft, comfortable, and not too bulky. They stick well and don't leave adhesive residue behind on your underwear. I'll continue to use this brand because I genuinely like the pads. They're also great for throwing in your purse for everyday use as well as for travel. Each pad is individually wrapped for hygiene and discretion.

In addition to myself, unfortunately, my beloved husband had a radical prostatectomy and suffers from urine leakage. He's tried men's products and actually prefers these pads 100% over any men's products! He finds them soft, comfortable, slim, and highly effective for protection from leaks. I feel horrible that he has to use pads but I'm incredibly thankful that Kotex makes a product that helps him stay dry and fresh!

So, for myself and my husband, we're sticking together with Kotex U!

Highly recommended!She hasn't complained about them, so they must be really goodIt saves my skinPerfect length. But my favorite thing about these is that there are no wings!!!!The pads themselves are fine, but the outside wrapper has certainly changed! It was very hard to get apart and to get the pad peeled away from it. Always before it was easy to get open and it had a piece of tape to secure the soiled pad in the wrapper when you changed. It makes me wonder if these were authentic Kotex pads or knock offs! Not very happy with them, will probably never buy again.These are wider than a lot of others which I like. They are long and thin and stay secured.These liners hold any accident and stick to any and any size panty. Feels like nothing there. I have used for bladder leak for years and helps catch accidents for such a little liner. No odor!They stick, are comfortable, and keep you covered no matter what.One Tiny dot does half my face so it doesn't take much. It seems to set nice so doesn't come off easy and works well with the rest of my makeup. I have been using for a few weeks and see the difference in my day look.It did not provide total coverage like the brand I used before that.Uses every day, light fell on skinOver moisturizer,easy to use.I was thrilled to find it as Olay has discontinued it. However there was a mix up in the ordering an it took quite a while to get here and was pretty pricey. I am trying to make it last as long as possible.I like the dispenser because its easy to get just the right amount each time. The makeup goes on smooth and doesn't cake up. Been using this for several years and love it.I did not dislike the product and like it. I have used it before and decided to try another brand which I did not like and decided to try this again.so many reviews of how wonderful, but I wasn't overly impressed. Perhaps I chose the wrong tone to start with, but it was not what I was expecting. I was looking for an alternative to Perbelle CC cream, but I think I will try their brand insteadI love this product. It is clearly good for my skin. It contains some, but not too much color. It moisturizes my skin. All in all, I think it's great.This tinted moisturizer is all I put on my face all summer. & the rest of the year I use it under foundation.Please don’t ever stop making this wonderful moisturizerLove this product. Apply in the morning for moisturizer, sun block and blemish coverage.Makes me look better.I have naturally olive skin tone. So I thought this would be fine for me. However, it’s a little too dark for winter wear, especially under make up. So I will save it to wear in the summer when I’m at the beach without make up. It does make your skin feel soft and smooth with a slight glow.I am very pleased with the moisturizer. In addition to the moisture the coverage is grwatDoes a good job for a person 90 years old, at a reasonable price!My mom never let's hers run out she keeps buying more which is easy as the price is great, she has sensitive skin and it does not bother her at all. She has always looked 15 yrs younger than her age, now using this maybe even 20 yrs younger it definitely helps take Away those lines around the eyes.Reasonable price. Another good Olay product.Just right for summer days or evenings.I’ve been using this stuff during the day and Regenerist cream at night for 20 years. I have less wrinkles than my three younger sisters, no chemical peels or Botox required. It works!I’ve been using for years! Best on the market!Probably best suited for users starting to experiment with plugs, as the size is probably not enough to stimulate experienced users. The graduated beads allow you to work up to larger size toys. Stays put due to skinny "neck" but is easy to remove. The narrow outer guard seems comfortable enough for extended wear, though I can't speak to that personally... Easy to sterilize. Use only with water-based lubes!The price was good great product from what I can tell but my wife is scared of it so for now all I can say is the shipping was fast and discreet it showed up on time.great it will go in with a little work but it stays in. it is perfect for extended use the only problem is the handle digs in a little and rubs on the bottom side(the side it curves to)Wife said it was ok but no big thrill.Good size and decent price, but too inflexible to use and wear comfortably.The neck after the largest ball is too short, as a result these beads will not stay in place. They fall out with the slightest movement.Too hard. Should have been slightly bendable.very good plug~ love it~Simply put, this is wonderful. The silicone makes for quick and easy clean up as well as flexibility and the curve of the toy hits all the right places. Stays in well and makes cheeky "pop" noises as it is removed (which I find quite humorous actually). Not too big that it would be rough on beginners, but also not small as to be boring either. Comes in a reclosable package that can be used for storage and arrived in good time.My partner and I really enjoy this. It goes in pretty easy and it stays in. Not too big not too small. On the down side because of the form of the bottom it doesnt stays up, and its better and easier for the cleaning when it does.Probably best suited for users starting to experiment with plugs, as the size is probably not enough to stimulate experienced users. The graduated beads allow you to work up to larger size toys. Stays put due to skinny "neck" but is easy to remove. The narrow outer guard seems comfortable enough for extended wear, though I can't speak to that personally... Easy to sterilize. Use only with water-based lubes!The price was good great product from what I can tell but my wife is scared of it so for now all I can say is the shipping was fast and discreet it showed up on time.great it will go in with a little work but it stays in. it is perfect for extended use the only problem is the handle digs in a little and rubs on the bottom side(the side it curves to)Wife said it was ok but no big thrill.Good size and decent price, but too inflexible to use and wear comfortably.The neck after the largest ball is too short, as a result these beads will not stay in place. They fall out with the slightest movement.Too hard. Should have been slightly bendable.very good plug~ love it~Simply put, this is wonderful. The silicone makes for quick and easy clean up as well as flexibility and the curve of the toy hits all the right places. Stays in well and makes cheeky "pop" noises as it is removed (which I find quite humorous actually). Not too big that it would be rough on beginners, but also not small as to be boring either. Comes in a reclosable package that can be used for storage and arrived in good time.My partner and I really enjoy this. It goes in pretty easy and it stays in. Not too big not too small. On the down side because of the form of the bottom it doesnt stays up, and its better and easier for the cleaning when it does.My go to face cleansing product. Great for removing make-up, toning and overall cleansing of the skin. Doesn't dry you out. Despite having combination skin, this product doesn't make me break out either. Worth the price and way better than towelettes.Exactly what I needed and I am very happy with product.Takes care of both eye makeup & face makeup - a "twofer" :)
Very gentle & soothing, does a thorough job.Great cleanserI really prefered the biosensitive make up remover cream. You need to drench the cotton pad to clean without irritating more sensitive skin and it didn't remove all of the eye make up.
The biosource cream for dry skin (pink one) has perfume so it's not suitable to sensitive skin.
Please biotherm, bring the biosensitive products back!!excelente producto. aplicar a toquecitos con el algodón, no arrastrando el producto. segunda vez que lo compro, y repetiré. se que no es su uso, pero en mi caso, me evita usar tonico.My go to face cleansing product. Great for removing make-up, toning and overall cleansing of the skin. Doesn't dry you out. Despite having combination skin, this product doesn't make me break out either. Worth the price and way better than towelettes.Exactly what I needed and I am very happy with product.Takes care of both eye makeup & face makeup - a "twofer" :)
Very gentle & soothing, does a thorough job.Great cleanserI really prefered the biosensitive make up remover cream. You need to drench the cotton pad to clean without irritating more sensitive skin and it didn't remove all of the eye make up.
The biosource cream for dry skin (pink one) has perfume so it's not suitable to sensitive skin.
Please biotherm, bring the biosensitive products back!!excelente producto. aplicar a toquecitos con el algodón, no arrastrando el producto. segunda vez que lo compro, y repetiré. se que no es su uso, pero en mi caso, me evita usar tonico.I got this razor earlier this year and I just ran out of blades and let me tell you this razor is so amazing. I'm a female who prefers to use men's razors cause they give u a closer shave, are cheaper etc. But this one razor in particular has given me the most smoothest bump free shave I've ever had. With this razor I've only nicked myself 3-4 times (my fault of course) but I recommend this so much.Hubby used the shaver and the results so far have been very good.Too big for around nose and mouthSmooth shave, but part of the blades rusted in the shower after two uses.Good razor for the price. Smooth shave, but does get dull quickly. Still...good value for price.GoodI bought these for travel originally because I didn't want to carry my expensive electric shaver. Turns out I use it at home a lot too. They also last a while tooGreat product. Does the job reasonably well. Recommended...This was a good razor for the money.Works great for women. My legs are much more smoothier than using Venus razors.Good price works goodI've been using BIC razors for a while now and I love them. 1 handle and 12 razors for $16 is a steal. Handle is durable, Razors work great, and sensitive to the skin. No razor burn. 100% recommend.Used it on my legs, nice smooth shave.love these razors for me and my husbandThey work good and they are also inexpensive.Works great for my skin. No irritation, even though it’s a 4 blade not a 5. Works better than my Gillette 5 blade.I bought these to replace my Dollar Shave Club (DSC) executive blade subscription ($10 for 4 stainless steel, 6-blade cartridges a month) with the price increase on DSC. This was definitely the cheaper option, but I realize it was more comparable to the DSC 4X blades (I have used both executive and the 4x from DSC). The BIC Flex 4 was still cheaper by $2 compared to the DSC 4X blades. Overall, I find the blades to be more suitable for trimming my sideburns and mustache. The aloe stripe is not as smoothing compared to my DSC executive blades and doesn't feel like it cuts deep and clean like the DSC executive blades. I would say this is more like a 4X alternative. It used to be cheaper going on a DSC plan, but the BIC Flex 4 is just as good with a cheaper price. The DSC 4X is $7 while the BIC Flex 4 is $5. You get a new razor handle each time you purchase the product unlike other places which gives you replaceable blades. I really do wish BIC allowed use to just go buy cartridges as this would be more environmentally friendly and less wasteful just trashing a perfectly fine razor handle. Pro: Affordable, Comparable to the DSC 4X, Trustable global brand, Good for a good trim Cons: Cartridges are not sold separately from the handle, aloe strip was not as smoothing, good for 3-4 light uses or 1-2 heavy use.goodThese are great for sensitive skin and the price was right. I'd definitely buy again.This razor is way better in my opinion than a women's razor. It shaves way smoother on my legs and the shave last a little longer but, sometimes the razor blade comes off which is a little annoying but overall a good product.Excellent screen, deepest black, high contrast. I highly recommend this tablet for movie, video, and game.The AMOLED screen also makes the tablet thin and light.

I have used an ipad2 for a year. Compared with the 9.7 inch, I think the 7.7 inch form factor is very useful. It is more portable and convenient, but you don't lose the advantage of wide screen.

But its user interface is not that great. The Ipad2 seems more completed product. I expect ICS update will solve many issues associated with laggy transition, touch response, and etc. The ICS update was officially confirmed by verizon. But I don't know when it comes.

I heavily use this tablet, but even though I consider it, the battery doesn't go long (normally 6-8 hours in straight usage). The AMOLED screen seems to eat the battery very quickly.

Compared with motorola razr maxx, its LTE signal strength is little bit weak, but acceptable in general. You can use free mobile hotspot. If you have another LTE microSIM in your verizon smartphone, you can use it here. But it is not that convenient actually, because you have to pull out and insert the tiny one. Of course, no call function here. You can just use Skype stuff to make a call.

This is also good when you read pdf documents such as science and engineering journal papers. This screen size is just minimum to read the papers. I think 5 inch galaxy note or other smartphones are too tiny.

Overall, it is higly portable, useful, and visual. If you already have ipad2, I think you don't need new ipads. I agree the price of this tablet is expensive, but it is worthy to pay. Most of all, the high price is due to the 7.7 inch AMOLED screen which is currently the largest area among AMOLED products in the world. You will be happy with this tablet if you can really like the screen.I used this tablet over a month (in avg, >4 hours per day). I am satisfied especially with gorgeous screen, fast speed, and portability. I love clear and vivid colors radiated from this sleek guy. I thought the price ($599) was too expensive. But it is understandable now.

If you read this review here, I assume you already searched lots of reviews from other places. By choosing the verizon version, you can have Exynos CPU, 4G LTE, and official warranty. Plus... you can actually use voice call and SMS functions.

The verizon doesn't support voice callThis is the biggest waste of money i have ever seen. Yes the screen is nice and everything. But the product is essentially useless. It is an over priced cell phone that you cannot place phone calls. my best advice is to buy a laptop.Excellent screen, deepest black, high contrast. I highly recommend this tablet for movie, video, and game.The AMOLED screen also makes the tablet thin and light.

I have used an ipad2 for a year. Compared with the 9.7 inch, I think the 7.7 inch form factor is very useful. It is more portable and convenient, but you don't lose the advantage of wide screen.

But its user interface is not that great. The Ipad2 seems more completed product. I expect ICS update will solve many issues associated with laggy transition, touch response, and etc. The ICS update was officially confirmed by verizon. But I don't know when it comes.

I heavily use this tablet, but even though I consider it, the battery doesn't go long (normally 6-8 hours in straight usage). The AMOLED screen seems to eat the battery very quickly.

Compared with motorola razr maxx, its LTE signal strength is little bit weak, but acceptable in general. You can use free mobile hotspot. If you have another LTE microSIM in your verizon smartphone, you can use it here. But it is not that convenient actually, because you have to pull out and insert the tiny one. Of course, no call function here. You can just use Skype stuff to make a call.

This is also good when you read pdf documents such as science and engineering journal papers. This screen size is just minimum to read the papers. I think 5 inch galaxy note or other smartphones are too tiny.

Overall, it is higly portable, useful, and visual. If you already have ipad2, I think you don't need new ipads. I agree the price of this tablet is expensive, but it is worthy to pay. Most of all, the high price is due to the 7.7 inch AMOLED screen which is currently the largest area among AMOLED products in the world. You will be happy with this tablet if you can really like the screen.I used this tablet over a month (in avg, >4 hours per day). I am satisfied especially with gorgeous screen, fast speed, and portability. I love clear and vivid colors radiated from this sleek guy. I thought the price ($599) was too expensive. But it is understandable now.

If you read this review here, I assume you already searched lots of reviews from other places. By choosing the verizon version, you can have Exynos CPU, 4G LTE, and official warranty. Plus... you can actually use voice call and SMS functions.

The verizon doesn't support voice callThis is the biggest waste of money i have ever seen. Yes the screen is nice and everything. But the product is essentially useless. It is an over priced cell phone that you cannot place phone calls. my best advice is to buy a laptop.Great price and speedy deliveryGreat price and speedy deliveryI love this shampoo and conditioner! My only complaint is how the seller shipped it. The conditioner exploded and half of it was wasted. Because I purchased 2, when I returned it they didn’t refund me because both products were not returned. Very frustrating considering the price.My stylist got me on this brand and now every time I see her she tells me how great my hair feels since I’ve started using this brand of shampoo and conditioner. I have (had!) very dry, frizzy hair, live in the desert, and have hard water. Now my hair is soft, shiny, and well moisturized. I have NEVER spent more than $10 on a bottle of shampoo, but as I’ve gotten older I want to make sure I keep my hair healthy. This shampoo may be on the expensive side but it is so concentrated that it seems to last forever, so it is well worth the price. I am also obsessed with the smell. Very hard to describe but almost has a slight masculine undertone?I used this shampoo along with the conditioner for years until my hair stylist said I should change to another brand. I did for a year but was not pleased how dry my hair became. So I’m happy to say I started using it again and my hair feels healthier.I had horrible dandruff from a lot of shampoos. Even the dandruff shampoo (head and shoulders) gave me dandruff. But after I started using this one--dandruff is gone! my hair looks great. I know they don't advertise it as anti-dandruff, maybe I just had dry scalp and the moisturizing effect helped me. anyway, I know it's pricy but one bottle usually lasts me a long time (and I have long hair).Caviar by Alterna is a must have for keeping your hair in tip top shape!! Bring dry, brittle hair back to life in one shampoo. Great maintenance shampoo to keep that healthy hair look! Well worth the price.Hair feels softer and healthier. I feel it's great for long aging hairShampoo works great and your hair will feel amazing but it is very expensive. This is the second time I’ve ordered and each time my package has came in a mess like this and it waste product. As expensive as this is I want to use every last drop. Very disappointed that my bottle was busted openI saw this product showcased on a YouTube channel and decided to give it a try because I've been so disappointed in all the shampoo products I've tried lately.

During my first use, I put some product on my hand and applied it to my hair and it foamed and became sudsy right away, compared to what I've used lately which meant I had to pour 1I like this shampoo and it gets your hair smooth and soft, but using it causes oily hair easily, in the evening, you hair will no longer look good.I have older hair that has gotten pretty wirery. This definitely smoothed and softened it. The only problem for me is that the product is at a too high a price point. I have moved on to a cheaper product which is good enough.The shampoo keeps my color treated hair soft and thick. it is not heavy nor does it leave my hair flatOnly used it once but it smells good, lathers really well (a lot).Made my hair so soft and silky. I probably would use it a few times a week, not every day cause it is so soft that my hair is a little limp. But I think it is really helping the overall condition of my hair. Will buy it again.Caviar anti aging formula for the hair is the best.
It adds softness and shine to the hair.
I also use the heat protectant Caviar cream formula.Love the brand and is great for oldies like me.Absolutely love the product. Just wish it was lower in price.I love this shampoo and conditioner and ordered one of each, however I didn't realize until I was in the shower with both bottles unwrapped and pumps popped up, that I received 2 cconditioners :( I'll keep it for next time I need conditioner and I've ordered a new shampoo - fingers crossed I don't get another conditioner!!As I’ve gotten older, I find my hair has started to thin.
I’ve read some good reviews about this product, so decided to give it a try. I don’t know whether it’s the shampoo, or other things I’m also doing, but my hair seems thicker. Also I’m not sure how this happens, but this bottle lasted me almost an entire year. I wash my hair about 2 to 3 times a week. Yes, the shampoo is more expensive than a lot of other shampoos out there, but it sure is cheaper than hair implant.Perfect shampoo & conditioner but I have straight hair and without added products it can leave my hair too soft & flat.Leaves hair soft and shiny!Just what I ordered. Fast and easy.works wellJust what I ordered. Fast and easy.works wellWe are transitioning our 11 year old son's room from "kiddie" to a more grown-up style and need bookshelf space for his growing library of books. Chose this and it works just fine, though the fit & finish aren't perfect and it's a bit pricey.
Assembly of the bookshelf was easy enough. All you'll need is a hammer and philips screwdriver and about 30-45 minutes to build it, and the instructions are clear. The unit is not, of course, made of real wood but MDF (fiberboard). It's pleasingly sturdy, and the applied finish is attractive for the most part. It doesn't have as much red in the coloration as I expect in a cherry finish, but its attractive nonetheless. The block legs are a nice touch and add character.
Unfortunately, the fit & finish aren't perfect. There were one or two small light scuff marks here and there, along with a few places where the wood grain finish was starting to peel a little. There are also a few small gaps where pieces should fit tight. None of these were significant enough to be a big deal, but could be better.
Price-wise, this feels a little overpriced. I ordered this very similarly sized  South Shore Axess Collection 5-Shelf Bookcase, Royal Cherry  for my office about a year ago, and it costs about half as much for very similar quality. Given the few finish issues and higher price here, it's hard to recommend this one unless you just love the design (and those block feet do help it in the looks department). Overall this is a serviceable piece that works fine but doesn't really stand out.I was looking forward to adding yet another shelving unit in an upstairs bedroom. I have one, but it’s not quite enough to house the collection of historical books I’ve been purchasing. I was looking forward to a sturdy, but lightweight shelf. The Bush collection appeared to be just what I was looking for, but I was sorely disappointed on many levels. When it arrived, I found the weight to be way to much for the area needed. The dimensions were good, but with the addition of books would be a stressor on the floor.

A change of plan was quickly in order and I decided that I’d use the Bush shelf to house tools and other woodworking It's a beautiful sturdy bookcase. The delivery company called and confirmed the date and window when they would deliver it so there was no need to worry about it sitting on my front porch when no one was home. Side panels are all one piece, therefore it will be helpful to have someone home with you to help carry the long box into the spot in your home as it is heavy. I put it together by myself and had no trouble wiggling it into its place once it was assembled. The only part I found difficult was hammering the plastic bit into the bottom shelf where the feet screw into it. I had to keep pounding away until it went flush with the particleboard. Luckily, the board was not damaged. This however is something I wish the manufacturing plant would have done before shipping. The instructions include weight capacity per shelf, and each one is 65 pounds. See the picture for details.Good for the price. My only problem with this product is the tape that won't come off of the front part of one shelf. It looks tacky, and it is very time consuming to peel it off. I just gave up and left it. Now it's partially peeled off.When comparing product side by side, this product stated it was made out of WOOD!!! Well all the other products in the same side by side panels stated they were made out of pressboard,manufactured wood, or laminate! PLEASE SONT BE FOOLED THIS IS MANUFACTURED WOOD NOTHING WITH REALL WOOD HERE!!!!Poorly made. WalMart sells better models than this for a cheaper price.My biggest gripe with this bookcase is that the cost does not match the quality. I have bought inexpensive bookcases and MDFFor the price, I did not think this bookcase was worth it. We have been buying somewhat cheap furniture so far in our lives and are trying to transition to furniture that is better made. However, when we had the opportunity to receive this item for review we decided to take it. At this price point, I was expecting something slightly on the lower end and was willing to live with that. What I got is something that is no better or maybe lower quality than I would expect to find at a local big box store for double the price. My main problem lies with the veneer. It has a really cheap plastic feel to it. In addition in a couple of the pieces, it overlaps itself significantly and the seem is easily visible.

Like many of the cheaper bookcases, this thing has very little structural integrity until you nail the backing on. The problem with this is the backing on the bookcase is not very thick and will end up tearing easily. Speaking from experience, one this happens, nearly all structural will be lost and the bookcase will crumble easily.

I would not recommend this bookcase for this price. If you are looking for a lower end bookcase save some money and go to your local big box store and buy one there.This is a difficult subjetc in its way because, whether you are looking for this or similar items depends on a number of outside factors;

What does he mean by THAT?

Funny you should ask.

Okay, at two distinct times in my life I have had book collections that numbered between 3.000 and 5,000 books

And I do NOT live in a very large house

So the first priority was always to simply get enough shelving to get the books off the floor... and the desk... and the tables... and... well... the bed!

So I looked for the cheapest shelving unit I could find, which was, usually, metal industrial shelving.

As I grew older, and, marrieder, I had to make at least a GESTURE towards treating shelving as "furniture"

In a case like that you can find perfectly serviceable wood veneer over particle board things at Walgreen's or Walmart or Donald Trump's wall

They're easy to assemble and will suffice for some time and, if you dazzle the neighbor's with the sheer NUMBER of your books won't look nearly as cheap as you know they are

But then, at some point so subtle you might not even notice it happening (and when the number of books has dwindled through sale or donation or dogbite, you might find yourself moving on from "furniture" to furniture.

When that occurs you can do far worse than this beauty; it not only LOOKS firm, it is; it not only can go into any room, it FITS in (almost) any room

It's easy to assemble and feels like it can last for decades

And YES, you can spend a LOT more money on similar units, but, and this is the point, why?The first thing I noticed was the package was heavy! I took that as a good sign meaning the materials were of good quality. Upon opening the box, most of the Styrofoam had busted during the shipping process which left little Styrofoam pieces all over the boards of the shelf making quite a mess. I knew I would have to be showering and vacuuming after building it. After wiping most of the Styrofoam and dust (my hand was pretty dark) from the pieces, I was ready to start building. Overall, building is very simple and straightforward from the provided manual. I built it myself and found it to be actually really easy compared to other bookshelves I've built myself. Each piece is labeled with removable stickers (convenient!). I used a power screwdriver to speed up the process and was able to build the entire bookshelf in about an hour. Nailing the back "cardboard" was convenient as there were "holes" pre-cut where to nail. Although I had it upside down because of where the sticker was set, but it wasn't too big a deal as most backers don't have holes at all. You'll also need a regular Philips screwdriver and a hammer for the legs of the bookshelf which was the only somewhat "difficult" part when you have to hammer in the plastic pieces into a hole for the screw to fit in. Other than that I thought this build was VERY simple for a single person to put together. It's pretty easy to move around as well once built.

The color of the bookcase fits perfectly with my other furniture colors. The pegs for the moveable shelves are also very nice quality, much better than standard. I enjoy this bookcase very much and am impressed with its quality. It's a high quality "basic" bookshelf.A year after I put it together and put a full load of books on each shelf, and still no bowing of the shelves like on most shelves that are not solid wood. Looks beautiful and solid.Easy set up; sturdyI made the mistake of switching from always to an off-brand cheaper pad - was a HUGE mistake. The adhesive was not as strong and caused the pad to shift with motion leading to leakage. Always is worth the extra dollars because it always sticks in place and always absorbs. I wouldn't bother trust any other brand during these vulnerable times. Stick with Always!Amazing priceShe asked, I got. That's all I can say.Great product for a good priceIt fits perfectly, long durability and super comfortable, nice design and a good pack.Very goodI've been using these pads for years but I've never bought it online, always in stores, so when I saw it so cheap on here I decided to get them and they're great! Exact same as in store and way cheaper!!Bought these pads for postpartum once the bleeding was a little lighter. They are absorbent for what I needed but the wings are practically useless. They do not stick to any of my underwear and just get bunched up making it uncomfortable along the bikini line.Not very good for summer. Specially I sweet a lot…I used these for a while when I was young and ran out; I was so bummed when that happened because I was new to pads and I adored these, but didn't know the brand. The only thing I knew about them was that they came in light green packets. In the meantime I tried many different brands (and even began using tampons) and when I found out the brand was Always, I purchased these again and remembered why I loved them so much. The most perfect pad I've ever tried. I still do use tampons, however I use these when I sleep or don't really want to wear tampons. I've never leaked with these (like I have with the Always Infinity line, which I am not a fan of) and I'm never afraid of leaking when I have them on. They're not bulky so they're comfortable and easy to move in. Every other pad I've tried is too thin (usually leaks) too bulky (shows through tight pants) too uncomfortable (not soft) or too skinny (dangerous territory on the borders.) These pads are in every sense of the phrase, just right! Plus, they absorb like crazy. I will probably never use another pad because there will probably never be a better one.What can I say about pads? They’re pads. Lol they get the job done. Large pack lasts really long in a house with multiple girls. And I like the wings to keep in place. Great quality and quantity.I bought this item by mistake and ready to return but the seller gave me full refund and let me keep it. thanks !You'll need to buy a roll of tape to keep these bandages secure. They put the adhesive on the wrong side.I wanted to purchase Always Maxi Size 2 at a local store, but they do not have any. I made a purchase on Amazon expecting it is the same. However, the quality of these pads does not seem like it is made by Always. The packaging of the pads are different, usually the package are the same. There's a mixture of swirls, dots, or the original. The durability of the pads are bad too. The one purchased from the store does not tear apart after 2 hours of usage, but these do. Some of the wings does not even have sticky on them. Thus, these are either defects or are not from Always. Highly disappointed.I bought these for postpartum wear and they were the worst pads I’ve ever worn. They were uncomfortable, didn’t feel dry, did not absorb well. Go with something else.They work. Ugh. But too thick. Spend the extra change for the thinner ones for daytime. But just fine for night. After having kids I can only use pads. And I’ve not found an organic option that works like the more plastic chemical options, it is what it is. The material on the top of the pad can be a little irritating or sticky feeling as it’s more plastic netting type than some others in the same brand but not too bad. Cheap backups for sure!Great price! Came very quickly. Needed these right away and received them very fast. Satisfied with the product and how much it carries! Will buy againAlthough one of the three packages that I ordered was ripped open, everything else was fine. Great product.Pretty good
Except for they don’t stick nicely to the underwearA little thicker than I expected, but when I went back a read the description, I suppose they are as described.That helps my son with his colic and upset stomach. That's amazing like miracle. It's so fast to see it happensI wanted a product that didn't contain sodium bicarbonate for my daughter. I had read all the reviews on this product,so we ordered it. And IT WORKS. My daughter is now 1 and we are still using this. She is gassy in the night,wakes up screaming,legs kicking etc. Just becareful because it is black! My daughter has had NO side effects from this either. But everyone is different.Firstly, I really don't know if this helps the little one or not since we use a mixture of Tummy Calm, simethicone, and probiotics. Any of them can be helping or just a placebo, however, since the little one seems to be doing well, we don't want to stop and disrupt anything. As soon as I build the courage, I'll try taking the little one off this product.

The bottle definitely needs to be shaken before administering. I accidentally forgot to shake one time, and I pulled clear liquid into the dropper. The color should be black. The liquid can potentially stain, especially on clothes or bibs if not washed immediately, however, I always have a wipe with me and immediately wipe the little one's mouth. I do not have any issue with staining on little one's face. I also make sure to dispense just a little at a time.

My biggest complaint about this product is how they've designed their bottle and dropper. The dropper size is much shorter than the bottle. The circumference of the dropper is just slightly smaller than the opening of the bottle. When you get down towards the bottom 1We have been buying this since our son (now 10) was a baby. It works every time he has any tummy issues.I've never written a review on amazon before. These drops have saved us so many times. Our baby has always had issues with gas.. as a breastfeeding momma I had to watch everything I ate as everything gave her an upset belly. She would wake in the middle of the night with bad gas. The normal gas drops did nothing and we were going through them like crazy. These black gas drops give our baby instant relief. She passes the gas quickly and calms down and goes back to sleep. We are on our 3rd bottle. The price seems spendy but they do last along time and really I'd pay almost anything to give our babe this instant relief. If your baby is struggling with gas or stomach pain, buy these!! I also saw them being sold in walgreens for over $20. So the best price is here. They also seem to help with teething. Only giving 4 stars because of the droper, but you get the hang out it. They are messy but usually our baby is screaming in pain so its easy to give to her. Just a little at a time.So far today is day two using on my two month old. He would be very cranky after ever bottle feeding. We have changed formulas many times. I am putting a little bit in his bottles through out the day instead of one full dose at once and he is a totally different baby!!!! So happy now and passing gas with ease. Down fall is the black color and I did stain my clothes at first.I think I got the same background story as many of you: my newborn got colics, as it is my first baby I got into panic mode, spend the nights reading though the internet and got:
- Chamomile globulis
- Carbo vegetabilis globulis
- Lactase
- Gerbers smooth drops probiotics (was BioGaia)
- Symethicon
and ordered the two best reviewed amazon solutions:
- Gripe water
- Tummy calm.
I spend days and weeks doing try and error to test every single solution and see if there was any progress. What I found out is:
every baby is different!!! If something isn't working for me, it doesn't mean it won't work for you, so TRY IT!
In my case, the tummy clam was the solution! It's the only thing we are using today (with a lot of cuddling and monkey grip (helps a lot!).
First of all: it is homeopathic! No chemicals, no Symethicon, just natural stuff!
it works! How can I be so sure? very simple: I stopped giving it 2 times for one day and the colic was immediately back!
Pro:
- compared to the gripe water, the serving size is much smaller. We started with 0.3 before or during every meal, and then switched to 0.6 (at 6 weeks approximately). Baby is doing great, there is no need to push hard anymore to poop, so he doesn't wake up anymore.
Contra:
- I love this product, really, but there is ONE THING I really hate: THE COLOR!
Yes it matters. It is black. That means, it stains! And the stains are not easy to wash out! So I am very careful every time I give it to him, and try doing it BEFORE every meal, so he doesn't spit it when he burps. It helps a lot, but you will still get some stains...

As I mentioned: every baby is different, so something that worked for me, might not work for you, but I would definitely try it!My 7 week old son has some gas problems - he's often gassy and during the night time (especially the later it gets, from about 4am onward), it seems to get worse. He strains and pushes and turns red. At times he seems very uncomfortable and a few times he has even woken himself up crying (I'm imagining due to the discomfort). I took him to the doctor and am told he is fine, and this is a common issue with newborns. I'm glad he's OK but it's still rough to see him so uncomfortable (and to be honest, it really interrupts MY sleep to her him grunting and straining so much). I tried the Mylicon but that really didn't seem to do anything for him. I also tried Dr. Christopher's fennel and catnip drops but my son HATED the taste - it actually made him cry and didn't seem to work. The Tummy Calm definitely works - however, not as miraculously for me as it has with some people who's reviews I read. There are nights where it works very well and seems to get rid of his gas pretty quickly, but other nights it doesn't seem to help at all. I think the combination of using this product as well as making sure to feed him at an angle, burp him, and keep him upright after eating works best to minimize the gas problems. Overall a good product and I like that it is all natural.I originally bought this in 2016 for my colicky infant. It was incredible. It would instantly break up the gas bubbles in her tummy (you could hear it hit the gas bubbles and break them up) and I would get tons of burps out immediately and within 30 minutes, she'd fart up a storm. I recommended it to everyone. HOWEVER I recently bought this for my new infant since his lazy latch creates excess gas, and I regret it. They switched out the dropper for a syringe (which makes administering it a lot harder- the plunger got stuck when I was giving it to him so I added a little more pressure and it shot him in the back of the throat) and changed the formula. After I gave him the full dose, there was no gas breakup. None. Not only that, but for the next 24 hours, it was a nightmare. He was in so much pain- he wouldn't stop crying. He wouldn't pass gas or have a dirty diaper. It took 48 hours for him to finally poop. I know its normal for babies to skip a few days- but not my son. He goes a few times a day, every day, and after that 48 hours his dirty diapers picked up where they left off. It took 3 days for him to pass it all through his system. How do I know? You'll see the remnants of it in the diaper. I do not recommend this at all. The original Tummy Calm i bought in 2016 was pure magic. But this stuff is garbage. Dont waste your money.This has saved my sanity honestly and has been invaluable with both my children. One has eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE) and before he was diagnosed, especially when he was an infant we had no idea what was going on, and this was the only thing that gave him any sort of comfort. Simethicone did absolutely nothing. Just bare in mind that this does have charcoal in it so poop and vomitI’ve used this for all my babies and over 7 years now. All my babies are super gassy for whatever reason. When I discovered this with my first child it was such a game changer. So grateful I found it because it truly makes a difference. I’ve used Tummy Calm for my infants for their tummy troubles and even in their toddler years. In my experience, giving it to them before bed was the most helpful to not have them wake up from gas pain. Highly recommend.Tried it for the first time the day it arrived and also happened to be an evening my baby girl (7 weeks) went into a full melt down - she is usually very chill and relaxed unless she has bad gas problems... We tried everything - carrying stomach down, bicycling legs, rubbing belly, burping everything...

Finally, though I really hate giving her anything if I can help it, we broke down and opened the Tummy Calm... Gave her 1I recently purchased this for my 4th baby and recommend to any new moms who are battle gas in their little baby's tummy! All 4 of my babies have used this with no trouble (oldest is now 6 years). With my first baby I tried lots of different gas relief drops and grip water, but they only worked a fraction of the time. Colic Calm worked quickly every time. I use half the recommended amount after burping baby, usually at night, and baby calms right down and drifts back to sleep. The only downfall is the liquid is black and difficult to wash out of clothes sometimes, but with practice I'm able to feed it to baby with little spill and the relief for baby is worth the extra laundry effort. I highly recommend!My cousin recommended this for my 8 month old who was teething since it worked to help sooth her son while he was teething! My daughter has tummy trouble occasionally too so this helped tons with that and it seemed to ease the teething pain. It also stopped her hiccups within 3 minutes of administrating it! (I forget where, but I read that it can help with that too and it did!)
At first, my daughter didn't like the flavor so we mixed it in water (which she also didn't like) then tried it in baby food (which she didn't mind), but after 3 or 4 doses she doesn't need it mixed with anything anymore.This stuff nearly killed my baby. I used it for months. Not sure if it worked or not but my baby was so gassy & fussy so I kept using it. “Carbo vegetabilis” IS CHARCOAL. Charcoal is a binder so it will absorb bad stuff (good for poisoning) but it also absorbs the good nutrients and prevents absorption of nutrients!!! (Can cause major damage when overused) My baby starting loosing weight, went pale, had extreme stomach pain, barely slept, made his gas worse, and so much more. Now I’m trying to heal his gut. It has been awful. This stuff would’ve killed him if I continued using it.Received this product very quickly and item was packaged nicely. I ordered this project for my son who was having some yummy issues while trying to figure out the cause of severe gas and upset stomach likely related to a food allergy. This is the only thing that brought him quick relief and comfort. The flavorTummy calm was used on my newborn infant, like less than 5 weeks newborn. GREAT for newborns by the way. He did not take to formula at all and went to full time breastfeeding but the damage from dairy was already done. I bought this twice and would use it when he was super gassy or crying from discomfort. It would calm him and put him to sleep. The first few times I used it the gas came right out. After that it was more for my comfort than his. I didn't really notice much difference in bloating and gas but he would be more comfortable. Not a cure but it can help you out. Tummy calm teamed with probiotics worked the best for me. After I added the probiotic drops WITH the tummy calm the gassiness went away completely! If I had this issue again, I will be teaming this with a probiotic for sure.I found Tummy Calm through intensive research. My daughter was born with Spina Bifida and she suffers from many intestinal problems. Most foods cause her bloating and her tummy was always bigger than what she could carry around. So at an early stage I found colic calm for babies and then I turned to tummy calm as she started her toddler stage. It works wonders within minutes of giving it to her. This has been the most natural product that I found for her and she dousing seem to mind the color nor the taste. I am grateful I found tummy calm, it's been a savior for her!Oh my goodness! Amen to this product! It’s so hard dealing with a gassy baby and not knowing how to help. Pumping my baby with simethicone drops all the time and only getting delayed temporary relief. I was getting so tired of it and searched so hard for something homeopathic and that’s when I discovered tummy calm. I was nervous to try it and spend the extra $ but I am so glad I did! Just ordered my second bottle because I’m low on the first and just need to have handy. It instantly takes away my sons hiccups and I don’t give a full dose for that, just like .5ml and it always instantly works.
I noticed he needs it less and less for gas pains too. This stuff is seriously magic and I recommend it highly! Especially in the name of your babies discomfort. I hope everyone loves it as much as I do.I have tried everything for my sons tummy, gas drops, gripe water, Everything you name it and nothing worked. I use colic calm probiotic drops for him but I thought i would try this when he has gas problems or a upset tummy. I gave it to him and in 5 minutes he was a whole new baby. I finally found something that works for my son!! If your hesitant about this, JUST GET IT!This is hard to find in stores, I love this scent, It does take a bit longer to dry when you first apply but it lasts all day even in the worst heat and humidity.Love it.The picture was of a double pack and I thought I would be getting 4 which was an awesome deal. I double checked the add and saw that it said single pack.have only been using this for a few days now but it seems to work very well! I'd say it lasts around 12 hours. but that is much better than most other deoderants ive used!I've been using this deodorant for years. It was very effective and had a mildly sweet, soft lavender scent. I planned to use it until I no longer use deodorant (i.e. forever). Lo and behold, I ordered my most recent duo last month, opened and used the first one this past weekend, and ICK! The smell has definitively been changed (or I got a bad batch). The labeling is all the same, but the scent is more ozonicThis is the best deodorantLove this product. Clean, fresh smell with a hint of lavender. Goes on clear and dries fast. Best part is that the gel doesn't get all dried and cakey like the typical white stick stuff. Since you really don't need much when you put it on, it actually lasts much longer than I expected.I love these Secret gels but when they arrive the pack always seem to contain lots of air. Surely it's not 2.7oz if it is full of air?I’m a man and it’s the perfect scent and protectionNothing worse than getting out of the shower and finding out you are out of deodorant~! With this multi-pack you don't have to worry any longer! Great price as well~!
TerryW
Grove City, OhioI have lots of allergies and I cannot use most scents. But, this one is the perfect one for me. It's calm and never breaks me our. I have very sensitive skin.Great and works well, does not leave residue on clothsI find Ooh-La-La Lavender to be a really fresh scent that isn't overpowering. I put it on in the morning and it lasts all day. This is definitely my favorite of the Secret Scent Expressions line.By far this is my favorite deodorant. It works well, smell nicely, does not hurt in any way. The only backdrop is that it leaves white marks on clothes when you put them on.This is just my experience. This particular scent and deodorant wears off quickly. Plus with my body chemistry, it has a strong unpleasant smell. Friends have used it and it was fine.Absolutely love this scent. Unfortunately had to switch to a new deodorant because my body adjusted and found a way to smell less than 100% again.I like it seems to work and smells good not like the bland neutral smells of so many other products.

I want to smell like a women.Works as it should and leaves no white marks which is helpful for me since I dance in black leotards often and white marks are very embarrassing.Love it!I love the scent. And it keeps my underarms dry all day. 1-2 clicks is all I need. Also, no white marks on my clothing.I found this straight forward and easy to install if you take care to level it and mark the holes correctly. Previously, I had to return a double shelf made by a different company that was totally impossible to put together, so this one was a relief.Perfect shelf for our bathroom. Hubby says a pretty typical install. I love the way it looks. Holds guest towels and a decorative candle. Very elegant. Has an art deco vibe I love.Matches my other Delta Champagne bronze fixtures.This is a nice shelf, but the installation could've been less frustrating. The instructions, especially the template part, left a lot to be desired. Another issue was the supplied allen wrench doesn't fit the supplied allen screws :-(. Some toggle bolts would have been nice, because if one is going into nothing but drywall the supplied plastic screw anchors are not that secure. I ended up using two on one side and the other side screwed into a stud. Very pleased overall though; once I got it on the wall it was great. A smallish standard offset screwdriver was very helpful for the final glass shelf install (for the one I bought).I had a contractor install it for my new bathroom. A handy man can easily do the installation.I returned product. Did not install. Product was too large for my small bathroom.Difficult to mount, instructions were lacking. However, finished product is wonderful! Beautiful, sturdy, just what we needed to make our new bathroom double vanity function. Wish one could find this product in other stores.I absolutely love these shelves ! First off they're double duty, shelf & towel bar. Just what I needed for my tiny (total gut job) bathroom. I had already purchased all my hardware (different brand) in satin nickel. Really wished I had discovered this line of Delta first. But now I realize I could use a couple of shelves. Searched for awhile, and then I came across these ! Just what I wanted ! Matched the style of my 1924 home & remodel perfectly (white subway tile, hex tiled floor). Classic look, and I think never goes out of fashion. But satin nickel was not an option, so I asked the community if the brillance stainless steel was close to a satin nickel. All the answers I received didn't really help...some said it was "really shiney", "not a satin finish at all". But it looked close to satin nickel on my computer, so I took a chance and purchased 2 of them. A perfect match to all my other satin nickel hardware !! They are well made, nice and solid, have a little weight to 'em. I just installed them. Comes with a handy dandy template ! After reading several reviews, I ignored the instructions and went with the 1Installed this in the bathroom. It looks great, was easy to install if you have the right tools like a drill and level.
Once installed it is very sturdy and looks great.A very nice shelf and easy to install! Here is how I installed mine. Hold it against the wall upside down, yes upside down as this is key and keep reading. The reason you want it upside down is because you are going to use those set screws as guides to mark your center lines with a pencil. This will give you the two exact center lines as to where you would like to have it hang when you turn it right side up. Now that you have your exact center lines marked. We will move on to the horizontal line you will need for your height of the shelf. You will need a 24" or 48" level depending upon which shelf length you bought. You may have to borrow a level? Place the level across in a horizontal position on those center marks you made and move the level until it is at the height you want. Now take a pencil and mark a small line on each center line and be sure the level is showing level. When your done it should look like two small crosses or a crosshatch or cross-hairs on the wall. Now take one of the mounting brackets and hold it so the cross point is showing through that little center hole. Now still holding the bracket trace out the two little oblong holes. Next center your drill bit on each oblong hole and drill through. Do both mounting brackets this way. When you have that done then drive the hard rubber sleeves into the holes. When that is done, using the screws provided mount the hanging brackets onto the wall and snug them up. Now your ready to hang the shelf and tighten the set screws.Had handyman do install, he had no issues. Shelf looks very nice. Like the look. Hoping in the future no pitting or staining being it is in a well ventilated bathroom.I purchased two of these units to go inside showers. They look great and hold several bottles of shampoo, etc. The glass shelf is easy to periodically clean. The items placed on the shelf are protected from falling off by the guard rail that goes across and around the shelf. The towel bar is practical and few of the other models I looked at include one. The piece came assembled except for the brackets. I used a contractor to drill through ceramic tiles in order to install, but it could easily be a DIY project. Great looking piece and certainly on the lower end of the price scale. The manufacturer put out a useful and nice looking product. I highly recommend.This is a muted champagne gold, very sophisticated color and design. Read through entire instruction sheet before beginning.I was a little worried after reading a few reviews of customers ordering this 18" shelf and receiving the wrong sized shelf or missing some pieces. Well, I received my 18" shelf today and I'm happy to say that it was the right size and all the pieces were in the box. Just make sure that when you open the box, take an inventory of all the pieces before discarding the box because there was a small set screw that had come off and was loose in the box. (luckily I found it in the box). This is a good looking shelf and the polished chrome is very shiny. The glass shelf is also tempered glass. I installed the towel bar and it's not as solid as I was hoping it to be (a little loose on the ends). Just wrap a little electrical tape on the ends of the towel bar before inserting them and it should be a tighter fit without any rattling. There are chrome caps that come installed where the towel bar is to be inserted. If you choose not to use the towel bar just leave them as is because they look great. If you decide to install the towel bar just remove the set screws with the supplied allen wrench, remove the chrome caps and attach the towel bar. Shelf loos great with or without the towel bar.I have a tiny bathroom, so space is at a premium. I purchased 2 of these shelves with the towel bar extension. I put one in yesterday and it looks quite pretty. I'm not very good at installing towel bars or shelves. They always seem to fall off the brackets, so we'll see how long they last, but so far so good. They do have a classy look and go well in the bronze color to the Delta Faucet we have. The glass is nice and sturdy and should be easy to keep clean without looking tatty from all the moisture in a bathroom, and I like the little bar that keeps things on the shelf. It cleared up my vanity so it's easy to clean, but keeps daily items accessible. The other shelf I'll be putting up today over the shower to keep my bath foo foos and a washcloth, helping to clear up the shower shelves. Fairly easy to put together and the hex tool was included with the screws and anchors. I think I will buy stronger anchors for the shower, as it makes me nervous having an add-on shelf.Sturdy. Good quality. BeautifulI expect more from a Delta product than this. The whole shelf looks rather flimsy when hanging on the wall. There are no meaningful instructions. The item comes with a skimpy specialized tool that didn’t fit all of screws. It comes “prescrewed” but you have to unscrew the screws to install it on the wall. In several cases, the screws were so tight that the specialized tool wasn’t up for the job. Luckily, my husband had his own tool that worked. Also, it came with mollies for the wall, but the screws given to use with the mollies were too large and this necessitated a trip to the hardware store to find the correct sized molly. After all this, we were not very happy with the result. We would have sent it back, but we were now stuck with four mollies we’d never get out of the wall. So, we’ll live with it.GOOD QUALITY FAST DELIVERY BEAUTIFUL FINISHOverall, looks great and is sturdy. No unpleasant surprises. Slightly pricey but worth it.A very nice-looking shelf that adds a touch of class to a bathroom wall. Below the glass shelf is a towel bar that didn't install snuggly. I took it apart and reassembled using some JB Weld in addition to the set screws. It worked great. The towel bar is now sturdy and I'm very happy with the Delta shelf and hand towel bar.Unit variable speed switch will not stay on in max position. Other than that the unit is worth the money paid.The quality is great, it doesn't feel cheap but in the vibration department it could be a little stronger. I was looking for something less expensive to replace a very expensive one that I broke... when you are used to more power you notice the difference. It takes 2 AAA batteries if that is any indication of how much power it uses. Probably great for beginners , but I'm a pro.I got this to tuck into my jeans on the small of my back when I'm standing all day, it was too big. It just sits in the box in my bathroom. I should have paid more attention I guess. I should have sent it back but I was too lazy.It's got a pretty powerful vibe, but my only complaint is that the handle vibrates just as much as the tip which can be a little distracting when your hand is getting more stimulation than....other places. So if you're going to use it, use it with a partner and have THEM hold it and use it on you. It's a much better sensation.I'll start with the only problem I have with this device, there is no variable speed controller. You have a couple click options but they can both be more than what you are looking for. It would have been nice to have a true variable controller but the price was cheap enough that its still a good value.Very happy with it. It's very quiet, you can adjust the speed and it's portable. The description says it needs 2 AA batteries but it holds 2 AAA batteries. Only cons are that it is on the larger side and it's not rechargeable. However, this is one perfectly powerful wand and a great deal for the price!It is not as powerful as I thought and the head is very stiff and does not articulate like I thought it would. Tried using it once and just did not care for it. It did not meet my preferences and was essentially a waste of money for me.this was ok not as powerful as what i thought it would be . it was the right size not to big or not to small for me but didnt have teh power . that i was reading others said it didThis is an good product. Has lasted for many months of occasional use. Does not drain batteries quickly. Only real con is that I wish it was variable speed. Not one of the favorite pieces in the collection.i bought this as a gift for my mother in law. i turned it on to make sure it worked and its not as quiet as it claimed to be. i ha ent given it to her yet but it looks nice and im hoping she enjoys it.UsefulPretty cool low-key vibe. I have a high power plug-in vibrator so naturally it's nowhere as good. But this is a relaxing, slow building vibe you can leisurely use. It's nice and small too.The product isn't strong and it sucks up batteries like crazy. You get what you pay for! It is made well just doesn't have the endurance for me.I bought this for an elderly friend who has arthritis,her Dr. recommended a massager and she bought one that fits in the palm of her hand and has a strap across the back.She said it helped but was heavy and her arm would get tired.
I bought this one for her to try and she is very happy with it,says it does a good job on her neck and knees.One of the things she liked is that it uses batteries and she can use it anywhere.Loved it but having to replace the battery so often was a killerLove itGets the job done, but has a rather poor battery life -- runs through batteries quickly.I've had mine for a few months and I love the flexible head. But it's finicky and mine recently broke it doesn't hold up well after awhile.Very disappointed! I knew that I shouldn't of bought this vibrator since I had read all of the bad reviews. I received it today and I put in the batteries and twisting the cap on, then I turned it on and it doesn't work at all. It did not vibrate. It look like it was already broken before I received it. I should of kept my money in my pocket. Please do not buy this. Save your money. You will be glad if you did.perfect for a 65 year old widow after 35 years of marriage thank you great stress relieverI've been using this shampoo for years and love it. No longer available in stores so I was pleased to find it on Amazon!I used this product and few years ago and stopped. Bought it again as my shampoo is hurting my hair. Used it today. Smell is nice, a little strong but that's okay, a little bit goes a long ways, nice rather and rinse. Only issue it has madey hair a tad dry. Nothing like a little hair oil can't fix. Only complaint so far. I have combination hair of oily roots dry ends, very long almost to my butt, non dyed as well. I do like how well it cleaned my hair. No residue or anything left.

Im hoping to get my hair back to not hurting and this stays as my product. I never had issues in the past don't even know what I switched. Sometimes the cheap stuff is the best stuff.Smells great it’s a great moisturizer makes my skin feel nice and smoothCANNOT FIND IN STORES! love it! Had hair past my derriere ......and cut it! now I'm using this to help speed up the regrowth process.

**12month UPDATE!:**
I have been using beautiful lengths for few years now or longer, and I JUST LOVE IT! I have sensitive skin which restricts me from using alot of products. This was safe for me AND it wiped out any dandruff or dry scalp. And yes, it did help speed up the growth of my hair. Better than Mane & Tail.Love it. Best shampoo and scent. Would recommend and buy againNormally we use sulfate free shampoo, but once in a while like a regular shampoo because the sulfate free can leave hair flat. But this shampoo is too strong and does give split ends in no time. So use as sparingly as possible not more than twice a month and the rest of the time it's best to go with sulfate free.I’ve been using Pantene Shampoo & Conditioner for years now. I love it because it’s two steps above the value brands. It lathers and moisturizes great, the smell is lovely and the price is understandable (if that makes sense)! And, it offers different specialties such as “for color processed hair,” “curly hair,” “extra shine,” “dry hair,” etc.

I’d definitely recommend it to family, friends & colleagues.Used previously, great product, returned to use as leaves my hair soft, shiny.This is great shampoo for long hair! My hair is really long and I usually end up using so much shampoo in each use. However, this shampoo lathers so well that I don't have to use as much and it lasts longer. I love the smell, doesn't leave my hair with residue, and I will continue to use.This shampoo does wonders and really helps make your haor grow. I stocked up on this about 6 years ago and my hair grew feomy back to past my butt. O recently cut it 3 months ago and now regret it. Bought this again and notices it's already growing. Sadly our Walmart clearances it and no longer sells it. Ordered on Amazon and paid more for less but great shampooI’ve bought this shampoo several times in the past with no problem, but this time there bottle leaked out into the packaging. It’s a mess.Best shampoo everI love this product when I am trying to grow my hair out. It doesn't have much for smell, but that is just fine with me. I love the product and how it makes my hair grow faster than normal.Very good quality for the moneyDon't think my hair is any longerI love getting a good deal. For my family this deal was perfect. Love the scent and how it makes my hair feel not to mention the price for bulk.Like this Pantene shampoo it does leave my hair too soft and you need to use very little product to clean your hair
also do not need conditioner because it supplies that in the shampooReally nice shampoo. Makes my hair look and feel healthy and thick.I ordered two of the beautiful lengths shampoo and got one beautiful lengths and one repair and protect two in one shampoo and conditionerBox delivered. Shampoo and conditioner superb. .Taste great I always add honey. I have had tummy problems since I had my first child at the age of 15. I’ve had gallbladder removed and all to help my issues but nothings ever worked! I also have chronic nausea as well! This seems to completely settle my stomach in more ways than one! I absolutely recommend this stuffThis is the best tea I have ever had!!! So calming, I don’t have the words to describe it… if ur looking to relax and calm ur mind, a natural ease to sleep… this is it…. Don’t boil the water all the way… just warm hot vibe .Works well for upset stomachI’ve tried many stomach settling teas in the past and they all had the opposite affect on me except this one. I mixed in a little bit of honey but it tastes amazing with or without. Almost like the chai tea lattes you get in coffee shops. 10Minty taste good for gutThis tea settles the stomach It is fresh and tastyA bit of background info- I have chronic gastritis, GERD, and a messed up gallbladder and liver. My symptoms have been severe and damaging, bouts of horrible stomach soreness, pain, nausea, gas, the works. I’m on various medications that either barely work or make the problem worse. Still working on getting care from my GI doctor and regular doctor and in these times it is very difficult to get enough care and I feel very alone in all of this. After trying many little OTC meds I went into trying this tea with very little to no expectations. But it was $4 and I figured, why not try it.

This tea is one of the only things that has helped at all. Easily within the top three of stuff that actually works and helps with my stomach problems and otherwise crippling episodes of pain. To describe the effect, I would take it either at the first sign of a massive abdominal pain session or even in the thick of the symptoms and it would create this numbing effect all throughout my stomach. Wonderful, comforting, and a dream come true. I still need a lot of help to work through my issues but overall this is one of the best teas I’ve ever had, one of the best medicinal items I’ve ever bought and experienced, and I’m just glad it exists. Highly recommended.GreatTastes great. I can brew it hot or cold brew it tucked in my wide mouth insulated water cup. Takes longer to cold brew it but much less ice necessary and I loved iced drinks.I decided to give this one a try mainly bMakes a wonderful gift for a loved one. Very good flavor and a nice tea that has medicinal herbs to calm a upset tummy. Caring present.Great taste & fast working for excellent resultsGreat flavor. Just a touch of honey and my stomach feels very soothed drinking this. Very comforting. Helps with a sore throat too. Buy it.Nice taste. Good price. I’d buy again.Taste good and at the same time helps calm down my tummy. Thank you!Flavor, value for money, or freshnessIt came smashed and flat. That's not the sellers fault though. Now if it's important that it look nice, your might have a bad time.
That aside, it's very flavorful and steeps well. The flavors come out well too.9Love the mint. Very good taste.Taste great I always add honey. I have had tummy problems since I had my first child at the age of 15. I’ve had gallbladder removed and all to help my issues but nothings ever worked! I also have chronic nausea as well! This seems to completely settle my stomach in more ways than one! I absolutely recommend this stuffThis is the best tea I have ever had!!! So calming, I don’t have the words to describe it… if ur looking to relax and calm ur mind, a natural ease to sleep… this is it…. Don’t boil the water all the way… just warm hot vibe .Works well for upset stomachI’ve tried many stomach settling teas in the past and they all had the opposite affect on me except this one. I mixed in a little bit of honey but it tastes amazing with or without. Almost like the chai tea lattes you get in coffee shops. 10Minty taste good for gutThis tea settles the stomach It is fresh and tastyA bit of background info- I have chronic gastritis, GERD, and a messed up gallbladder and liver. My symptoms have been severe and damaging, bouts of horrible stomach soreness, pain, nausea, gas, the works. I’m on various medications that either barely work or make the problem worse. Still working on getting care from my GI doctor and regular doctor and in these times it is very difficult to get enough care and I feel very alone in all of this. After trying many little OTC meds I went into trying this tea with very little to no expectations. But it was $4 and I figured, why not try it.

This tea is one of the only things that has helped at all. Easily within the top three of stuff that actually works and helps with my stomach problems and otherwise crippling episodes of pain. To describe the effect, I would take it either at the first sign of a massive abdominal pain session or even in the thick of the symptoms and it would create this numbing effect all throughout my stomach. Wonderful, comforting, and a dream come true. I still need a lot of help to work through my issues but overall this is one of the best teas I’ve ever had, one of the best medicinal items I’ve ever bought and experienced, and I’m just glad it exists. Highly recommended.GreatTastes great. I can brew it hot or cold brew it tucked in my wide mouth insulated water cup. Takes longer to cold brew it but much less ice necessary and I loved iced drinks.I decided to give this one a try mainly bMakes a wonderful gift for a loved one. Very good flavor and a nice tea that has medicinal herbs to calm a upset tummy. Caring present.Great taste & fast working for excellent resultsGreat flavor. Just a touch of honey and my stomach feels very soothed drinking this. Very comforting. Helps with a sore throat too. Buy it.Nice taste. Good price. I’d buy again.Taste good and at the same time helps calm down my tummy. Thank you!Flavor, value for money, or freshnessIt came smashed and flat. That's not the sellers fault though. Now if it's important that it look nice, your might have a bad time.
That aside, it's very flavorful and steeps well. The flavors come out well too.9Love the mint. Very good taste.perfect for my holiday bakingGreat value great priceSent the wrong boxesperfect for my holiday bakingGreat value great priceSent the wrong boxesI have successfully used other actually compostable K-pods like these (Chock full o nuts for example) in my Keurig K-Supreme and have never had this problem. With San Francisco pods, most of the liquid filtering down from the Keurig was water because it bypassed the pod. The liquid in the cup was the color of very, very weak tea. Unfortunately, I just wasted $38 because these are non-fundable!

UPDATE: I emailed San francisco coffee and they are sending me an adapter for my Keurig-Supreme. I'll have to let you know how that works.

Update 2: The adapter for my Keurig K-Supreme arrived in only a few days. It is a small ring of plastic but it did the job! I am more than satisfied. I was able to finally taste the coffee. So far I have tried Breakfast Blend and French Roast. I can't decide which I like more. Thank you San Francisco Coffee. My only concern is that the adapter is likely to be accidentally thrown out due to its small size. I just sent an email to customer service to see if they will send another.I used to grind the whole coffee beans, then brew and my husband who grew up in SF loved French Roast. He was older than I and recalled the cable car on the Golden Gate Bridge and when it got near to SF he smelled the Folgers Coffee Plant. It is no longer there, but ever since that memory he drank only dark French Roast. He introduced me to it upon marriage, and it is all I drink. Now it's only me and I use the Keurig pods and it tastes as if I just ground the beans, and all I need is one cup in the morning. It works perfectly for two people or just one. I have been using it for 28 years or more and will continue to do so. This is the best.I like the regular and decaf coffee of this company very much. What I'm finding out is my multistream technology on my Keurig Slim is the needles are not penetrating the top of the coffee pods and creating puddles of water left in the top where the needles are. The bottom of this pod is too soft and isn't firm like the other Keurig pods and that's why I am not getting a complete cup as the coffee is not getting the water like it's supposed to. The last time I bought this coffee was a ground bag of decaf which I used in the pour over kind of coffee maker. The compostable pod is not for me because of this. That's why I didn't give it 5 stars.I have been drinking decaf coffee for over 20 years now, and had not been able to find the compostable cups for decaf anywhere. (I wish my favorite brands of coffee would offer 100% compostable!) I have read some reviews stating that these are one-day shelf life. I have an airtight cannister (bought here on Amazon) that I use to store these. The coffee has stayed fresh for over a month - even those outside the bag. BTW, even the bag they come in is compostable! Thank you!Had to buy San Francisco Coffee French Roast from Amazon as the local Costco, where we moved to, doesn't carry San Francisco Coffee. Love the taste of the French Roast flavor. Flavorful but not too strong. I run a 6oz cup with a bit of brown sugar and powdered milk--like drinking dark chocolate! I love that the packaging is industrial compostable, so that if your cityI have used these pods for years! Love the taste, rich and bold. Went to order another case (120 count) and the price has risen $10.00 in less then 30 days! I get inflation etc, but this is ridiculous! Bring the price back down. No longer ordering.So I’ll put this out there that this is my favorite coffee and will now be buying the grounds. In the past I had a older Keurig. And this worked perfectly with it. It made a nice bold coffee. But beware with new Keurigs that this component doesn’t brew coffee efficiently. It causes a lot of water to leak around the sides making the coffee very mild if not just watery. So overall if you have a old Keurig this is 5 stars for me. But if you have a new one just buy grounds and use with a reusable k-cup.I never had a Keurig coffee maker until recently. I didn’t like that I was throwing so many plastic cups into the recycle bin. I found this brand on Amazon and I have to say I’m hooked. The espresso pod that comes in this mixed pack is awesome. The flavor that I found I really love though is the donut shop.This coffee is my absolute favorite. After a long search through many different brands, I can truly say that SF Bay Coffee is my top favorite. It's nicely flavored and has a light after taste. Not acidic or too strong at all. In fact it's so good, after years and years or taking coffee with sugar, I no longer need the sweetness to mask the bitterness. Oh yeah, there's NO bitterness to the breakfast blend. The Columbia supreme is awesome too, but not as well rounded as the breakfast blend. I highly recommend this k cup coffee, you won't be disappointed! Best of all, no guilt since all the packaging is compostable. Yes! Happy drinking, and wakey wakey!Wow. Very disappointed as I have ordered this brand before. The pods do not puncture. I had to push forcefully down on my Keurig just to get the pod to get a good seal. If not the water spills all over and you end up with a weak brewed watery coffee, complete with coffee grounds in the cup.I absolutely LOVE this coffee. I buy it in decaf too! It has a wonderful strong flavor and aroma! Great k cups and good prices! The only one I want to buy anymore and I love coffee, hot or cold in every flavor!I like everything about this product except for the flavor. I only drink black coffee and was expecting to enjoy these organic k-cup pods, but the flavor just isn't doing it for me. I wish there were more options for organic and sustainable coffees in pods.This coffee is very tasty and we really like that the slim plastic ring on the pods can be easily removed and recycled and the pod material is not plastic. The pods are made of plant-based commercially compostable materials.Use for making latte. Like the flavor even over going to popular coffee chains. Great value. Will definitely buy again.
Only difference I find with these pods over the full cup type is when the keurig blows air at the end of the cycle you don't hear it.I would probably give this 4.5 stars instead of 5 stars, only due to after punching the hole from the coffee machine to the coffee pod you do have to widen it so the ground coffee will not spill over into your cup. Love smelling the coffee before putting it in the machine and I do keep in an airtight container.I have had this coffee caffeinated and also decaffeinated both are amazing the only thing with the filter it does let a little residue through that will sit at the bottom of your cup but I prefer these over having it filtered through plastic as you don’t get the plastic taste in your cup of coffee with this type of k cup. It is a pretty strong cuppa coffee so I do run it through twice to get more ounces out of one pod. I have tried other brands another types and I always come back to this oneVery flavorful coffee. Donut shop is my 2nd favorite flavor from San Francisco Coffee. Fog lifter is my absolute fave! This coffee is an amazing value. I love that the pods are compostable!I'm Brazilian, so I like my coffeee srtong and flavorful, with a nice aroma. This coffee reminds me a little of coffee I used to drink in Brazil, only a bit smoother. I gave some to my mom and she loves it. She says it smells like home. The only problem is that I've become an even worse a coffee snob when I go out! LOLThis flavor is not my flavor. I like a strong coffee and I like a mild coffee. The Haight flavor has a skunky flavor to it that turns my stomach. It cost a little more than the French roast which is a golden standard for coffee, everyone should try that and only try this if you want to experiment.This is the best tasting coffee. When you open the bags you can smell the fresh coffee. I also like that there is less plastic with this coffee.Love this toothpaste. I’ve been using it for years. Leaves mouth feeling fresh and clean.I like this tooth paste a lot, its plant based which is really good.
My mouth feels fresh, love the mint flavor. Definitely one of the best toothpastes.Tastes fresh and clean, not artifical or sweet. Seems great for my gums. Happy I tried it. Will definitely buy again.Good priductsThey were out of my regular Neem and Tea Tree- so I purchased this instead, it's ok, many people in the reviews didn't like the flavor, but I didn't have any issues with the flavor in fact it exceeded my expectations. However, I do like my Neem and tea tree better, my teeth don't feel as polished for the whole day.I forgot about sensitive teeth, bleeding and cavities with it.I’ve been trying to find a toothpaste that cleaned my teeth but didn’t burn my tongue and this one fill the bill!I have tried so many Paste. And I finally can say YES, I DISCOVERED GREAT. My wife said "oMG babe this is just nuts!" Best hands down. And let me tell ya we have tried them all. My breath and teeth feels Fresh. They feel clean. Like, confidence if I get to up to close to Wifey. I definitely will be having this on my ordering list. The flavor is BangginI love love love this it makes my mouth feel so fresh and it's even help tighten my tooth that was looseWhat I like
Fresh breath and smooth teeth, I wipe teeth down with a wet cloth to get what extreme soft toothbrush couldn't get, alot actually, to be extra clean and smooth. I brush my tongue too.
Stimulate saliva production to prevent teeth decay
Powerful, just a pea or two is enough.
Organic and natural ingredients
It's whitening-free. It's so hard to avoid whitening toothpaste nowadays, those whitening stuff makes my teeth sensitive.
They have many flavors. Not a fan of cinnamon. I do like mints and they have plenty of that.
What I dislike:
For the first week, it tastes like rancid oil. I never had this problem before with other flavoring (complete care mint). The expiration date and the seal were still good so I'm not sure why. But that bad flavor is gone now, so all is good.This hymalyan tooth paste is very good made of good ingredients,in addition DO NoOT have fluoride, which make this tooth paste priceless. I Using this paste more than few Yrs. Highly recommend this toothpaste,especially, to people with compromised Thyroid !The mint flavor is way too strong for my liking. Doesn't foam much which I'm happy aboutThis toothpaste is exactly what I was looking for in terms of ingredients plus my teeth feel so clean after using it. Will buy again.I had a problem with my gums getting inflamed and was trying to get into a dentist during this corona virus and was having a problem scheduling an appointment. Initially I could not tell whether it was a cavity or inflammation. To test, I got on Amazon and checked for tooth paste for inflammation and found this one. I tried this tooth paste and got a little relief within a couple of hours. After a couple of days the pain was gone. I got this next day after ordering it. It was the best choice at the time I could have made to get it.Thee Best natural toothpaste I have ever come across! Does a great job cleaning & has a wonderful taste.Buen saborAre you on a quest to find the best natural toothpaste? Look no further. Himalaya Bontique Neem & Pomegranate is ABSOLUTELY THE BEST! Taste: Superior to other "natural" mainstream brands. Effectiveness: I have been using this product for approximately 4 months and my teeth are definitely getting brighter and whiter. I would highly recommend this product to anyone who cares about their health, which should be everyone.I love this toothpaste, I use it all the time!I really don’t dislike anything about this wonderful tooth paste. I use a philips sonicare toothbrush and the bristles are shorter and not as large as traditional manual tooth brushes, so I use less to fit on my brush and it does a great job. Plenty of foam and good taste. I will continue to use this product because I feel safer using less chemicals in my tooth paste.Items expired...Very hard to chew especially since they are meant for kids under 4 it could cause a choking hazard. Maybe it was just the bottle I got but they are not soft at allSaveur délicieuse pour les enfants.This product advertising was misleading. I reordered this and thought I was getting the same size as before. The bottle I received was half the amas my previous order! Disappointed!!Items expired...Very hard to chew especially since they are meant for kids under 4 it could cause a choking hazard. Maybe it was just the bottle I got but they are not soft at allSaveur délicieuse pour les enfants.This product advertising was misleading. I reordered this and thought I was getting the same size as before. The bottle I received was half the amas my previous order! Disappointed!!These have been great -- our boys(twins) love digging through the veggie compartment on the fridge(that had to stop) and last week they figured out how to open the dishwasher door --due to custom enclosures surrounding our appliances it was somewhat difficult to find something for the other side of the lock to attach to because we were unable to place the latching part on the side of the appliance -- this is why the locks with the rigid plastic piece did not work -- the vinyl strap like thingy works great, it's slightly annoying to have to move it out of the way but I can offset that annoyance with the thought of trying to save a carton of eggs that has been plucked from the fridge drawer by an 18 month old-- my remaining concern is what will happen when it's time to pull them off, will it leave a mark?we'll cross that bridge when we come to it.I got this to keep my twins out of the fridge. It has held up wonderful! They have since figured out how to open it but it yook a long time! Just make sure to clean the surface before applying. And it helps if you press firmly for about a minute or two so the adhesive will stick to the surface better.It's a little difficult to unlatch, but I'm satisfied for the price. This is the second set I've purchased, and would purchase again if necessary. One of the first set melted when it got caught in the oven door. Oops!Freezer door popping open on its own. This solve problem immediatelyAs much as I get into my freezer the locks tend to break down and stretch out and I must say too that I have liked the lock.My 2 year old grandson figured it out with a day and half. There's now no point in having it. He won't stay out of the freezer. He will run to beat you to the lock so he can do it.We're using this to keep the fridge door shut in our camper. Works perfectly!Useless! Don't buy this item. The sticky part is not that good and it is huge! Bad quality and not cheap at all.Does its job, the snapping in and out is annoying but it does the jobThis product worked to well my 12 year old couldnt even figure it out with out instructions on how to get it open so i highly recomend it!It does the job!It had a horrible smell. Does not stick well , and leaves residue behind. Luckily I was able to remove the residue without ruining anything. Don't BuyGreatvery low profile - nice secure clipI like itDo not buy these. The plastic latch snapped only three days after I put it on our dishwasher. Cheap, thin plastic. Poorly made. Not safe.I've spent maybe $1500-2000 on stuff that I never finish using over the years. I am now 30.5 years old.
Nothing helped at all and I felt like I was stuck with this skin condition forever. I am still stuck with it but haven't experienced it for awhile now since using the Sensitive + line.

I have extremely dry and flaky skin. It would be oily, but also flakes. It's hard to go out to places and eat or actually eat at work. I have to be careful not to open my mouth too far, else you'll see my skin cracking and wanting to peel... I also used many things and my face would be very shiny. I have used things that try not to make it shiny, also used stuff that is similar to this as a wash but nothing worked and many things broke me out extremely quick.

I would have to scrub my dead skin off my face every day or 2 to help prevent my flaky face from happening without opening my mouth wide. (I would get it if I ate like a hamburger though)

Ever since using this, it stopped... Completely stopped and I Had this condition since I was 19 years old. I am 30 now.
This changed it all, along with the Dove Men+ Sensitive lotion. I bought the whole line, even the Scalp Fortifying.
It was like I had dandruff on my face along with my scalp. And using the shampoo, I haven't had flaky skin up there either.

I was going to try the more hydrating one, but this moisturizes enough along with that lotion.Awesome cleanser for my face. I am getting tired of those expansive makeup counter cleansers that vary from $35-$75. I usually use Shiseido Beneficence and Lar Mer foam cleanser to pamper my face + to get rid of the makeup leftovers.

I am getting tired of paying such a pristine price for a facial cleanser. I talked to myself + let's check and see see how a $5-$7 cleanser works. To my surprise,it works WONDERBAR! It doesn't dry out my face or feeling harsh after using for a week. It is written for Men but what the heck? If it works - it works. We, women, are usually blinded by those fancy marketing words: soothing, deep cleaning, moisturizing, hydrating, lifting, wrinkle minimizing. Men's skin care products do not carry so many of those foo-foo words.

I love this product and I've introduced this to all my chickies in my inner circle - they are so exciting about this face wash!This face wash made a beliver out of me that men need to take care of there skin I am a Black man and I suffer with pusoflixulitus I know spelled wrong, you try it. I was using a new product name bump patrol and it was realling helping me with the shaving bumps but I was still using clipper could never use a razor. Once I started using the sensitive skin face wash and then using the bump patrol it was a miracle after a couple of months I got bold and decided to try a razor. End result I don't use clipper anymore all I can say is Men start taking car of your skin you wil be amazedI've only used it once so far but I'm pleased with the results. Before, I would get out of the shower and 20 minutes later my face would be really dry but after using this once I see a major improvement, my face is smooth and feels clean.This is great for a facial wash for someone like me with sensitive skin. An aesthetician suggested this to me after a meeting at a party we were both at. Excellent when it's dry out.To the people who think this has granules...or a scrubbing effect. No!! It does not it feels like soap...for the man who gets dirty this isn't a good product for you , for the off beat "man" in an office who doesn't come in contact with dirt..this is for you.This is probably the best face wash I have ever used. I chose the sensitive version because my face is acne prone. There is a nice masculine fragrance added into the product that smells quite refreshing. Its very thick; I found that a pea-sized dot will cover my entire face and some of my lower neck. I will be purchasing this product again the next go-around. 5My skin requires me to use sensitive products. This product is sensitive on my skin, moisturizing and has a pleasant clean (not over powering) smell. I think this is a great product for guys looking for sensitive face wash.I have been using the Dove plus care for men products for about a year now, and I love them...this face wash really washes away the dirt and oils and leaves a clean feelingit is a good product , cleans well , last for a good long time. I do wish it would lather a little better , but it does the job.I've tried a lot of different face washes and this is by far the best. Other face washes (even those with moisturizers) still dried my face out after shaving. This face wash didn't affect my skin at all and it felt clean, hydrated, and revived. Great product!Only thing I use on my face.Great face wash, husband has been using for years, hard to find in stores we shop.I always try to get hypoallergenicGreat deal, good product! Highly recommended for all males with sensitive skin!I have been using this products for a few years now. It works great.Quality face wash for sensitive skin for the priceI use it each day, very good quality. Price is also good on Amazon.This says sensitive skin, but it left my face irritated. My eye lids started to slightly burn. It also left my face drier than most washes. Definitely use a skin moisturizer after this product.It will clean your face without drying it out.It took me (a 40 year old female) a weekend to assemble. The bookcase part took a lot longer than the bed frame part. It was frustrating that the pegs were often difficult to put into the holes. I needed to use a mallot for the tough pegs. Overall it is a nice bed. The bed frame needs to attach to the bookcase.Drawers are cheap wood and don't stand up well to children wear and tear.It took me (a 40 year old female) a weekend to assemble. The bookcase part took a lot longer than the bed frame part. It was frustrating that the pegs were often difficult to put into the holes. I needed to use a mallot for the tough pegs. Overall it is a nice bed. The bed frame needs to attach to the bookcase.Drawers are cheap wood and don't stand up well to children wear and tear.Alright, let preface this by saying, I am not a doctor or medical expert, I can only speak to the results, I myself have experienced.

Back Story:

So about 2 years ago, I started getting dry skin around my mouth, nose, eyebrows, and occasionally my ears and cheeks. It was pretty mild, so I never went to a dermatologist. However, before this time, never did I have to lotion my skin regularly, so this was a change for me.

When this started happening, I used Aquaphor Healing Ointment (Advanced Therapy), and while it made me look greasy or like I was sweating for a couple hours, lol, it wore off enough, and would leave me looking normal the rest of the day. The only time my skin was really irritated was right after I would shave. However, drynessThis is my Folliculitis Journey and i include ALL THE PRODUCTS I USED to get rid of it.
I got Folliculitis on my groin area, i had no idea what it was since i have never had it but it started spreading down my legs and leaving these dark marks* Disclaimer, this is a long review, but I'm so incredibly happy with the results that I want you to know how upsetting it was that nothing worked longer than a day until I bought this shampoo.

I started getting dandruff in my late 20's. I'm 36 now. At first it wasn't bad and then it got noticeable to the point I was embarrassed. For reference I have really dark brown hair, thick and very long. I had literally tried every kind of dandruff shampoo and conditioner from stores to online to salon recommended. From $5 bottles to $35 plus. The only way they would remotely work is if I used them daily, but by the end of the day or next morning, I'd have the ugly white flaking or white piece stuck in the middle of a strand of hair. If I went two days without using them, it would be enough to notice even with my hair in a bun And headband. And I usually wash my hair every 3-4 days because I never needed to wash it daily.
I randomly searched on Amazon again about a month or two ago for dandruff shampoo because now it was getting itchy and I was so upset every day to see my hair. I found this product with high reviews, Nizoral. I said to myself, I'm desperate and I'll try anything. I purchased it. When I first went to use it, it was super blue and I wasn't sure how it would leave my hair, but I scrubbed it all around my scalp, only one wash. Then I used my normal conditioner, Nexxus, not any kind of anti dandruff conditioner (because I have those too). I wanted to see what the Nizoral would do without also having to use an anti dandruff conditioner. And for another reference (there's a lot of these), I first used it after not washing my hair for about 3-4 days, with only using dry shampoo in between. I got out of the shower and didn't see white flakes. I let my hair dry naturally as I wasn't going anywhere and drying it is a 30-40 minute process which I don't like doing lol. But I love my long hair; it's a loveI am what the internet would call a leech in that I read a lot of reviews but don't write many. I bought this shampoo about 3 weeks ago. I've always had dandruff in my beard, but it was getting to a point where I would itch my beard and it would be disgustingly flakey. It got so bad that I was doing a presentation for work with a suit on and someone thought I had crumbs all over my suit and started dusting me off. Yikes.

Enter this stuff and I've used it about 4-5 times over the course of the last 3 weeks. Let's say it isn't snowing anymore! I actually don't really like the smell, but the effectivity is amazing! So, from someone who has beard dandruff, this stuff actually works. I'll update my review if that changes.As most people who have attempted to get rid of their dandruff, I have tried a ton of products and techniques. This is one of those purchases that I am so glad I made. Nizoral is the only thing that has completely got rid of my dandruff. I did some research and supposedly the medicated product that’s in the shampoo gets rid of the bacteria that causes dandruff instead of just the dandruff itself. I now buy it at Walmart, cause it’s convenient, but it works. It is drying, so as recommended switch between this and a less stripping shampoo until the dandruff is gone and then use as needed. The scent isn’t my absolute favorite, but not bad by any means.Typically for dandruff related issues, the shampoo usually smells very neutral or more like chemicals. This shampoo has a nice hint of fragrance that is neutral to men and women. Both my boyfriend and I had used this product! I had a situation where my scalp has a flare up, and a lot of it was concentrated behind my ears and in the back of my neck. My dermatologist said it could be scalp psoriasis.... which was weird because psoriasis does not run in our family. I was prescribed this alcohol solution which I had to pour on the area which make it burn and hurt a lot. After some research I came across this and decided to give it a try. Within A WEEK my scalp was no longer dry, my hair smelled good and was so thick and full of volume! I haven't switched shampoos because I am honestly afraid to try something else. I will be ordering more soon. Very satisfied and highly recommend!I've had psoriasis since I was a teenager and I've always struggled with it on my scalp. My hair was always flaky. I tried coal tar, tea tree, head and shoulders, and MG217 and none of them ever fully worked, and generally all of them killed my hair.

This stuff completely eliminated all of my dandruff after about a month of use. My scalp hasn't been this clear in years. It smells decent and it doesn't dry out my hair. I wish I discovered it years ago.So, my scalp was bleeding, itchy, painful, dandruff, the whole nine. I went to a dermatologist who told me my scalp problem was called seborrheic dermatitis. Until this point, I thought I needed to try weird shampoos, and dandruff crap, and all that stuff, none of it really worked. The dermatologist prescribed me an Israeli shampoo with 2% ketoconazole. It was expensive and I used it up after a summer or so. Since then, I tried buying animal 1% ketoconsazole shampoos, then I found this. It's great. It's not 2% but I don't have to pay for a doctor visit or a prescription medication, either. So then I told my brother, who had the same issues. I told a bunch of people and everyone kept thinking, gee, I need to try tea tree charcoal salicylate blah blah blah, no, all you need is a ketoconazole shampoo to control a fungus. Apparently it's super common. The only real drawback is that you don't want to absorb a lot of ketoconazole into your system because it will counteract testosterone or whatever. So yeah, shower, rinse, follow some directions.I don't usually write reviews (I feel like everyone always says that), but I had to write one for this product. I have tried everything under the sun and so far this is the only product that has really made a difference, so I wanted to take some time and share my experience.

I have naturally curly hair and if you know anything about curly hair, you're not supposed to wash your curls everyday, but I was at the point where I couldn't go more than a day of not washing my hair without having this weird stinky scalp smell and severe itching. I was also experiencing a lot of hair loss. I know some shedding is to be expected especially with curly hair but I felt like mine was almost scary. I tried everything from expensive scalp detoxes, scalp treatments, tea tree oil, apple cider vinegar, salycilic acid, pyrithione zinc, washing more frequently, washing less frequently, you name it, I tried it. Then I found an article that said my itchy, stinky scalp may actually be from a fungus called "malassezia". Apparently, this fungus lives on the scalp of most healthy adults without causing any problems but the immune system of someone with dandruff may overreact to that fungus. which can cause inflammatory reactions like folliculitis, dandruff, and eczema. The article also said if you have an oily scalp (which I do) it's most likely not "dry scalp" and here I thought the reason my scalp was so itchy was because it was dry! The article gave some recommendations like salycilic acid and pyrithione zinc, tea tree oil, etc., but I had already tried those and none of them helped me. So I decided to try Nizoral. Nizoral's active ingredient is Ketocanozole 1%, which is an antifungal used to treat dandruff. I was at my wits end and decided before I go to the dermatologist I would give this a try and let me tell you, Nizoral has done me wonders. The horrible itching is just about gone. My "smelly scalp" has improved tremendously. I now can go more than just a day of not washing my hair and not have that the stinky scalp smell. I am shedding less too. I still shed, but no where near as much as I was. I did read some Amazon reviews for this product and many said that it caused them to lose hair, but for me it has actually helped my hair loss. I use it two times a week and will do so for 8 weeks as directed. It has a pleasant smell, It's not overpowering and certainly doesn't smell medicated. It can be a little drying though, but I just use a really good conditioner for my curls.

My review isn't intended to provide any type of medical advice, I just wanted to share my personal experience. For me, this product has been a life changer and I hope my review is helpful!I had been dealing with itchy, burning scalp after not washing my hair for a day or two. I didn’t have any visible dandruff and my hair would get fairly oily after two to three days so I wasn’t sure if an anti-dandruff marketed shampoo would do anything but after reading reviews of people in similar situations to mine I decided to give it a try. It ended up working miracles for me because i no longer deal with itching or burning scalp since using this shampoo. I use it once every 3 to 4 days usually and use my normal conditioner and hair products as normal and its been life changing. It is a bit drying so i apply a little extra conditioner to help but it hasn’t had any affect on my hair texture or curls as i was a bit afraid of. Its a bit pricy compared to normal shampoo but it works so well its completely worth it. If you only use it on your scalp it can help you save product as well.I have been using other anti-dandruff products for years and they didn't work. I used Head and Shoulders and it made my hair look as if I was running through flour. I got a crew cut haircut and there was no white spots nor flakes. I have been using this product for a month at least twice a week. Nizoral smells nice, gets rid of dandruff and moisturizes my scalp. This product save me a trip from seeing a dermatologist.I used to have hard scale like skin(like an iguana!) on the sides of my nose..not anymore! Now I can actually feel when I touch the side of my nose! Highly recommend and girlfriend approved(she says I now have the skin of an Angel!)! I suggest lathering your face with it and letting it absorb while washing your hair. Good luck and enjoy! P.s. also works great on ridding any facial hair of dandruff!I normally don’t leave reviews, but let me tell you about this shampoo. IT ACTUALLY DOES WORK!!! I was struggling with dandruff for a while especially since my hair is very thick and tends to get very oily and would cause a lot of irritation. I would use different “dandruff” product but only this one is the one that I’ve tried that has actually worked for me!! Definitely would recommend using this along with some conditioner.I have a pretty bad skin condition and have tried almost every other product to help. Honestly, the only thing that ever worked was this. A little on the pricey side for a small bottle, instantly took care of ALL my issues. Full body even. Scent is light and sweet, leaves no burning sensations regardless of how used, gel is thick so less can be used for a lot of lather and fill. Even accidentally got some in my eye and it hurt nowhere near as bad as other shampoos and conditions made for bad skin. Perfect stuff, and the only product I know that uses that little 1% miracle that makes it work as well as it does. Even only a small amount can make a huge difference, meaning you don't have to cake your hair for it to take effect. Will be using this from now.I have tried a bunch of different products and honestly did not hold out high hopes for this one but a coworker recommended it so I decided to give it a shot. Its only been a few weeks but my dandruff has been greatly reduced almost gone, smells good to so I am excited !I've had very bad flaking and dandruff for my entire life up until 30 (now). To describe it, if I used the wrong shampoos, my scalp would quite simply look like a snowstorm when I ruffle it. I used all the traditional products which purport to help with dandruff (t-gel, head and shoulders, and so on).. none of them worked as effectively as I would've liked.

So far I've only used this product once, but I am already extremely impressed. I see almost no flaking the following day after using it. I've basically been looking for this product for my entire life. Fingers crossed it keeps working as intendedthis shampoo is the real deal. i’ve struggled with a flaky, itchy scalp since i was a kid. i’d showerI had dandruff for a long time and I was using the classical brands in hope that magically they will start working one day. I wish I had tried this shampoo sooner. After the first shower with this, dandruff and redness and itching were all gone. It is almost 8 weeks now so I will use it occasionally to see how often I need to use it to keep dandruff under control. I am also using the Nizoral conditioner to prevent dryness and manage my hair. I can't recommend this shampoo enough!Finally found a shampoo that works!!! I have been suffering from dandruff and dry scalp for last 20 years and hairfall due to this. I tried many shampoos and finally read reviews on this and bought the shampoo and Conditioner "Pine Tar Conditioner by The Grandpa Soap Company | Tea Tree + Coconut Oil| Scalp Therapy". After 3-4 washes my dandruff and dry scalp are completely gone and I can't believe it.I have had a flaky scalp since childhood. As a adult its been increasingly embarrassing to be flaking from bushing my hair to the side. Wearing hair back, seeing flakes on my shoulder or back. This has helped me so very much and I sincerely recommend it! I use it every 3-4 days and wash in between with my regular shampoo and conditioner. I also actually reallt like the smell of it! And if I needed to I just add conditiner after its washed out.I started using these a month after I had my birth control implant removed. Sometimes it took up to 10days of taking a test EVERY morning to see a peak result and I had to get the timing right of testing after my period. I did get pregnant on a weird test result day. My period had ended 2 days before, I had 2 sticks left in my kit and I figured I’d just use them rather than wait for 5 days after my period. I got a peak result! Twice! My husband and I didn’t miss the opportunity although we were suspicious as to the accuracy of the results. The rest of my regular testing gave High results with no peak. Just shy of 4 weeks later, we got a positive pregnancy test! We used this test kit (new kit each period) for 3 months. I think my body was still trying to regulate itself after being on birth control for 4 years which gave us that weird test result. I stored my test kits in a cool dry place out of direct sunlight, used a new kit including test reader after each period.I bought my first one of this product off Amazon and it worked great, I also use the Pregmate Ovulation Test Strips along with the Flo app to help track my cycle and together they matched for peak ovulation days my last cycle. I even got a solid smiley and my Pregmate ovulation stick was two vibrant lines, so we obviously tried this day. A couple weeks later though, I got my period. This cycle though I realized I must have threw out the test holder for the clear blue ovulation sticks. So I went and bought another at Target, now mind you, I had already started using the pregmate sticks on days 11, 12 and13 before getting my new clear blue ovulation kit. Day 11, nothing, days 12 and 13, two vibrant lines. On day 14 I went to get the new kit. That day I got just the circle on the new CB test and a vibrant line and a faded line on the Pregmate stick. I decided to test again the next day, day 15, and this day I got a blinking smiley and a vibrant line and faded on pregmate, so we tried. Days 16 and 17 I got blinking smileys and the Pregmates looked like ovulation was done, a barely there second line. After reading more of these reviews, I wondered if my new test was faulty so I tested it with water and low and behold, I got a blinking smiley (that's the CB stick with that single bright blue line). We got a new test from the pharmacy and on day 17 I used all 3, the empty circle is the new test, the smiley (it's blinking) is the defective and then the pregmate stick. So, I guess if you get a good kit, it works but just be aware you can get a defective one.Conceived the first month we used these after trying steadily for over a year, we owe it all to these tests as I had my ovulation days a bit off.love the product, works great, the price is not worth it but has to get it if I want good quality ovulation sticksThis test was pretty accurate in indicating my peak. The only issue is the instructions tell you to test in the morning. I tested every morning, got flashing smileys which indicates that I’m fertile. But on the 4th morning of flashing smileys, I noticed a shift in my hormones by that afternoon, I tested again that evening and got a solid. If I had waited until the next morning instead of paying attention to my body, I would’ve missed my peak.
Update although personally testing was different than their instructon manual, I got pregnant on the first try. I am now almost 9 weeks. Thank you clear blue.I will update this review if I fall pregnant.
I have been TTC for 6 months and prior to using this product I was using another ovulation kit. I decided to try this form of test to compare with the tests I was using.

This past month, this test told me I was at peak ovulation 2 days before the other kit. We did what we needed to do to try for baby, but didn't get a pregnancy this month. So, I don't know how accurate this test is.

We will try for two more months using this and the other kit before we go back to the doctor.I started using these a month after I had my birth control implant removed. Sometimes it took up to 10days of taking a test EVERY morning to see a peak result and I had to get the timing right of testing after my period. I did get pregnant on a weird test result day. My period had ended 2 days before, I had 2 sticks left in my kit and I figured I’d just use them rather than wait for 5 days after my period. I got a peak result! Twice! My husband and I didn’t miss the opportunity although we were suspicious as to the accuracy of the results. The rest of my regular testing gave High results with no peak. Just shy of 4 weeks later, we got a positive pregnancy test! We used this test kit (new kit each period) for 3 months. I think my body was still trying to regulate itself after being on birth control for 4 years which gave us that weird test result. I stored my test kits in a cool dry place out of direct sunlight, used a new kit including test reader after each period.I bought my first one of this product off Amazon and it worked great, I also use the Pregmate Ovulation Test Strips along with the Flo app to help track my cycle and together they matched for peak ovulation days my last cycle. I even got a solid smiley and my Pregmate ovulation stick was two vibrant lines, so we obviously tried this day. A couple weeks later though, I got my period. This cycle though I realized I must have threw out the test holder for the clear blue ovulation sticks. So I went and bought another at Target, now mind you, I had already started using the pregmate sticks on days 11, 12 and13 before getting my new clear blue ovulation kit. Day 11, nothing, days 12 and 13, two vibrant lines. On day 14 I went to get the new kit. That day I got just the circle on the new CB test and a vibrant line and a faded line on the Pregmate stick. I decided to test again the next day, day 15, and this day I got a blinking smiley and a vibrant line and faded on pregmate, so we tried. Days 16 and 17 I got blinking smileys and the Pregmates looked like ovulation was done, a barely there second line. After reading more of these reviews, I wondered if my new test was faulty so I tested it with water and low and behold, I got a blinking smiley (that's the CB stick with that single bright blue line). We got a new test from the pharmacy and on day 17 I used all 3, the empty circle is the new test, the smiley (it's blinking) is the defective and then the pregmate stick. So, I guess if you get a good kit, it works but just be aware you can get a defective one.Conceived the first month we used these after trying steadily for over a year, we owe it all to these tests as I had my ovulation days a bit off.love the product, works great, the price is not worth it but has to get it if I want good quality ovulation sticksThis test was pretty accurate in indicating my peak. The only issue is the instructions tell you to test in the morning. I tested every morning, got flashing smileys which indicates that I’m fertile. But on the 4th morning of flashing smileys, I noticed a shift in my hormones by that afternoon, I tested again that evening and got a solid. If I had waited until the next morning instead of paying attention to my body, I would’ve missed my peak.
Update although personally testing was different than their instructon manual, I got pregnant on the first try. I am now almost 9 weeks. Thank you clear blue.I will update this review if I fall pregnant.
I have been TTC for 6 months and prior to using this product I was using another ovulation kit. I decided to try this form of test to compare with the tests I was using.

This past month, this test told me I was at peak ovulation 2 days before the other kit. We did what we needed to do to try for baby, but didn't get a pregnancy this month. So, I don't know how accurate this test is.

We will try for two more months using this and the other kit before we go back to the doctor.Didn't irritate my one month olds skin, and does a good job removing poop and spit-up stains. A little pricey but worth it to avoid rashesMy baby has very sensitive and this detergent definitely helped her dry spots go away. It is fragrance free but it does have a little bit of a weird smell to it. That doesn't bother me much though, I highly recommend this detergent!I bought this for my grandson when had a rash we think possibly from another detergent.
The smell was good and the price point was good. I also use attitude lotion and live it. My favorite part about this company is that it is safe from chemicals.But too pricey for meI got a skin rash and severe allergies after one use.I thought bacon had ended up in the washer. My husband thinks it makes the baby smell like meat snacks. I tried adding essential oils which isn't ideal for baby clothes and it didn't mask the scent.Detergent was spilled all over the bag. Formula looks different than previous ones.The detergent is great, but unfortunately this was shipped in an amazon bag instead of box, which was not sufficient protection. The detergent bottle was damaged during shipping resulting in all of the detergent leaking out.This is a fake product it is not the real attitude laundry detergent. DO NOT BUY!This detergent is rated one of the safest baby detergents. There is no scent which is fine by me. Cleans her clothes well. So glad I found this product. I will never use dreft literally one of the worst detergents for babies.Great product, not packed well so it banged arrive and broke all over my other items.I wanted to find a fragrance free, extra gentle laundry soap for my toddler because she developed a rash all over her body from something and it doesn't make sense, so now I'm convinced she suddenly become sensitive to hers.

Then I found this.

It arrived sealed perfectly, no leakage ad I was worried about the other reviews. Phew! I hive that 5 stars. The smell of the non fragrance, I actually don't mind. It's not loaded with unworthy scents. I washed my toddlers bedding with it first thing and smells fresh.

I'm hoping her body will thank me for this. I'm hoping its the cause. We shall see. But so far, 5 stars. Eventually the whole family will just use this.The detergent itself is very good. For tougher stains I combine it with a stain remover and finishes whatever stains the stain remover could not. No odor. Great for sensitive baby skin. Love Attitude!This is a good product at a great price, but it is very thick and always spills onto the bottle so I lose some at every use.Should be packed better so that it doesn’t leak. Showed up leaking everywhere.I love the product and it’s overall values and message.Does the job no smellI like that it doesn’t have too much chemicals but the effect on the clothes, not that great. The clothes get gritty and rough after using it for a couple of washes, unlike the other organic brand which maintains the clothes’ softness.It is good detergent, but it leaked a little bit when it was delivered.Am a big fan of the Attitude products. This one is great alternative to using regular detergents.EVERY HOME THIS IS A MUST HAVESmells good100% guarantee kills germs & odors.Grreat prodyct. Very Effective.Need to low the price is to expensive but smell goodLove the smell of lemon scent Lysol. Disinfects and keeps my home cleanNiceVery goodValue for moneylove the lemon scentI haven’t seen Lysol lemon scent in my local stores for months. But thanks to Amazon. I can buy my favorite air freshener and disinfecting spray again. The mild lemon scent smells very good and makes the whole room just smell clean.You get what you paid for.I wish I would have noticed that the 3 that I ordered had a lid. I prefer the easy to use can without having to remove the lid.sick. As good as is was 50 years ago. In my opinion the very best fragrance made. Lemons.
Great to dissebfect everything in your house except the gold fish.Value for my moneyThis is by far my favorite scent.Perfect scent and sanitizes well. I use on door handles, light switches, and the air.Nothing to complain about it...EverythingGreat DealI purchased these mats to protect the backs of my leather car seats when my grandson was visiting. I can not begin to tell you how great they worked. They installed easily, kept my seats clean and were easy to clean, remove and store afterwards. I would happily recommend these and would definitely buy them again if needed.Wasn't sure about fit for xl suv but they work perfect for escaldeThis has been great for out little guy. He kicked seats and gets his dirty feet all over everything so we wanted to protect the back of the chair in our new car. It's been doing it's job very well for the past three months, made it through an entire cross country drive already and seems to be holding up pretty well. We had concerns it wouldn't stay up against the whole seat as others have shown to flop down and not protect it, but its been holding strong. We only use one at the moment so we have the second as a backup in case anything happens with the first one. Definitely a must for a simple cover.I have a 2022 Ram 2500 with OEM leather seats. It covers approximately 80% of the seat surface area. It is tough being a universal product trying to cover every single possibility. Overall, good bang for the buck. Wish the bottom straps were a little longer.They look great and are worth their price.This product came just in time. My nephew came to visit and is a kicker. He also likes to climb all around the inside of the car (parked). These covers saved the backside of my seats. The only thing I wish they included in the design is pockets. Putting these on means losing easy access to backseat pockets.These are excellent, affordable, and get the job done. Unfortunately where the straps are stitched in looks poorly done so I’m afraid of my kid pulls on it too much it’ll break.We bought these back when we traded in our mini van for a SUV. Yes I was sad! But thought we didn't need the room! Anyway we had 2 kids entering kindergarten and 1 entering preschool so 3 kids in car seats who still lived to make a mess and kick their parents constantly! Well it has been 4 years Mom upgraded her pilot and I was able to move these to my New Pilot looking Brand new still !!! I do not know of anything that I paid this kind of money for back in 2018 that stick is in great use. Brica makes amazing products! And I will always recommend them! Hope this helps any families with multiple Littles! I have Twins and a singleton and if anything holds up to them it is worth the money!works greatCompré este articulo para proteger los asientos de cuero del vehículo, y son geniales. Faciles de limpiar y de instalar. Muy duraderos.Glad we be purchased this for our car !These work great in my Nissan Rogue. They fit snugly and are easy to install and clean! Great price too!!This product was suggested to me by my wife since our son keeps kicking and wiping his boots and shoes on the drivers seat. So far, this has worked great! It covers the seat back very well and thus protects the seat from the kicking and dirt. It was easy to install ( maybe a couple of minutes at most) but in our vehicle it does have a little slack under the headrest. I tried to tighten but it didn't seem to help. This may just be because it is designed as a "one size fits most". The lower part though fits perfectly around the seat. Wiping this down is very easy which makes clean up a breeze! I currently can't comment on durability because we've only had it for a month or so. Overall, very satisfied with this purchase!Excellent accessory, it's easy to useIt does what it's design to do. Wish it was little cheaper $. Hopefully it's last for long period.Easy to put over the seat, good quality & love the simple designThis kick mat fit perfectly on the back of my front seats in my Buick envision !Ordered the same item 12 years ago for my Highlander, held up very well all these years. Great quality and fit.
Ordered another item for new 2022 vehicle.
Shipping was extremely fastThese covers are amazing! We bought two brands and these are hands down the best. I didn't see any mention of it in the product details, but there is some sort of boning near the top that keeps the corners from flopping down. We have a 2013 Honda Pilot and the seat is covered perfectly. My daughter tends to climb in, stepping on the shoulder area of the seat, however the adjustable straps allow me to keep that area as well protected as the rest of the back. The other thing i liked better is the bottom strap that goes in your seat. It is adjustable, but is also elastic, so is VERY easy to get a good, secure fit and helps to conceal it, as it slides easily into the groove of the seat for a no- show look from the front seat. The simplicity with no pockets is also a blessing, in my opinion. Some may feel differently, but in a MN winter, I would go crazy trying to keep dirty snow and salt from building up in pockets. The flat surface cleans much easier than the other, pocketed set we purchased. We are planning to purchase a second set of these for my husband's vehicle as well!This will help with nasal congestionPoor description of the product advertised. The contents of the product is comparable to "Four Way" name brand, But the way your product is described it seems to imply there would be four of the product requested, which is understandable at $ 15.00 for FOUR bottles,when one bottle of the product is $.3.00 and change at a Walmart store. An explanation would be appreciated.
.When you get to this nose spray or four way you're an official nose spray adict. Nothing else will work Afrin doesn't do a damn thing. If it's too late and you're already an addict heal one side of your nose at the time using saline solution on one side and this stuff on the other.To clear my nasal passages.This nasal spray works great for my stuffy nose rhinitis!I messed up, I admit it. I thought I was buying a pack of FOUR bottles. I got ONE bottle for a total cost of nearly EIGHTEEN DOLLARS! This stuff sells for less than FOUR dollars a bottle at WalMart, but my "local" WaloyWorld is an hour away and they're out. So I bought THIS. At a mark upp of over FOUR HUNDRED PERCENT.

NEVER AGAINDescription is written to mislead. Equate Nasal Spray does not have four on the packaging. Appears to be 4-1oz bottles in header, but is just 1-1oz bottle in small print... be careful with this one!this item arrived damaged. the description stated returnable if damaged but the return process won't give me an option to returnSomeone wrote the description wrong or something it said 4-1oz. I got 1-1 ozalrightA good product and less expensive.This is a great product, just a little bit smaller than I expected.Not happy with my purchase. These cups are extremely small and for the price I expected them to be biggerThese cups are good. I use one cup for a few days, then I put it in the recycling can and get a new one.

Cuts down on having to wash cups.....A little expensiveVery tiny cups. Still did the job but they are so small you need to keep refilling them constantly.always use them!Super Awesome Quality Product! Great Service At A Great Price!!!
Thanks Again
Sincerely,
Robert W Beaston JR MCP
CollectSigns.comEffective drinking apparatus.Before you purchase, note that these are only 9oz (aka small). I expected a normal size cup and was disappointed when these arrived. My fault for not noticing the smaller size.Cups came with holes in them and smelled of gasoline! Awful.This is a great product, just a little bit smaller than I expected.Not happy with my purchase. These cups are extremely small and for the price I expected them to be biggerThese cups are good. I use one cup for a few days, then I put it in the recycling can and get a new one.

Cuts down on having to wash cups.....A little expensiveVery tiny cups. Still did the job but they are so small you need to keep refilling them constantly.always use them!Super Awesome Quality Product! Great Service At A Great Price!!!
Thanks Again
Sincerely,
Robert W Beaston JR MCP
CollectSigns.comEffective drinking apparatus.Before you purchase, note that these are only 9oz (aka small). I expected a normal size cup and was disappointed when these arrived. My fault for not noticing the smaller size.Cups came with holes in them and smelled of gasoline! Awful.This Perrigo Oxymetazoline is an excellent, high-quality product at a remarkable price. The four, sealed boxes and bottles I received all have January 2025 expiration dates. They are formulated like Afrin “Original,” without the “No-Drip” version additives (e.g., “microcrystalline cellulose”), which is exactly what I wanted. If you prefer “No-Drip” formulations you probably should look elsewhere. Product works great; it is indistinguishable from brand name Afrin “Original.”Works as advertised. Valid expiration date. -TerryI thought this product worked well. But I didn’t read the back of the bottle. Now I find I should not have used it at all. My fault. I purchased 4 bottles. I used most of one before I read the label. Don’t ignore the warnings on the bottlewife says works greatI usually pay $9ish for a single bottle of the store version of Afrin. This is the main ingredient in Afrin. At around $3 a bottle for this, it's an exceptional deal! The only thing missing is the drop of camphor which you can do yourself!This is a good product, however the similar products with a pump work much better. I would suggest the manufacturer look into putting a pump on their productsame quality as the drug storeOrdered four several times and always got four. Works as well as Afrin at a fraction of the cost.I’ve been using this for years. I have chronic sinusitis and horrible allergies to practically everything. This is by far the best deal you can get on these. No, they aren’t the fancy spray bottles but they do what they’re supposed to. My nose gets so stuffed that I can’t breathe through it at all and am unable to blow anything out because it’s inflammation. I also get horrible sinus headaches, and a few drops of this stuff in both nostrils takes ALL of the pressure away and I can breathe. If you have chronic sinus problems you need this!I love this nasal spray. It is the only one that works for me. However at a phone visit with my doctor she said not to use it because of some of the ingredients. When I told her that it's the only thing that works she said to only use it twice a week if I really need it.

I have tried about six different nasal sprays and none of them work for me.
Every since we had to wear masks my nose gets plugged up so I don't see a choice in the matter.Price was at least half of Afrin and works just s good.Works just as good as the more expensive products and I have purchased this numerous times.Good packaging, received quantity ordered. It’s equivalent to Afrin but cheaperI like being able to buy in a 4 pack for a better price than locally.Works as good as afrinSays it's comparable with Adrin but just does not work the same. It's ok and a lot cheaper but I guess you get what you pay for. Have used other off brands and not had this issue. This just does not work as well.
Also it comes in the old style squeeze spray bottle not a pump but you can pry the cap off and pour into a pump bottle.I need power to keep my sinus open and these sprays do just that. They are so much cheaper than the product I was using, but work even better. If you have a sinus problem, give this a try, you'll love it.But would work a lot better if it came in a better applicator spray bottle! Needs a better Applicator!!!! But worth the money!I was looking for a new styling foam for my straight, fine blond hair - and this stuff is the ticket! It's light so it doesn't weigh my hair down and it really holds - even in Florida's hot humid weather. It is a bit pricey given that you get half the amount of product for the same price as the others.While I do not see any benefit to hair growth, it does make my hair feel thicker! A slight residue after drying your hair seems to go away fairly quickly. It gives my hair more body and a thicker feel which helps in styling my hair.
I will continue to use this product!I like the lightweight, no stiff texture. Would work well on shorter hair. A little on the pricey side.I wanted something to help with my hair as it grew out. My hair was lying so flat on top of my head and I wanted a little height. This did the trick!Wish it was a little cheaper , smaller size Does what I need it forExcellent productWorks greatDidn’t make hair feel greasy. I was able to go 3 days before another wash.Best volume control product I have found.
However, I had a problem with it on a flight. While perfectly packed, it leaked!
On first trip, it was packed in cosmetic bag w other containers. On return trip, I placed it in a plastic baggie to ascertain if that was what leaked (suspected because os scent of liquid). Sure enough, the baggie was wet. Wonder which ingredient in product causes problem. Will not travel w it again.Product was a leaking mess. The twist top was put on incorrectly but even after correcting that, it still leaks a bit. The foam is not high quality and I don’t know if that’s impacted by the leak.
My hair has volume but it it gives it a dried frizz look, not sleek, so you will need more products to tame it. Bummed. Was hard to find travel size moose. Will not purchase again.I liked everything. I bought the mouse, shampooThis is a good
Product. There’s no residue in hair after it’s applied. Leaves hair soft but has more
Volume.I purchased this product as my other regular mousse isn’t available right now, it must have been a sign for me to switch to a new product. This has great volume, it’s very light weight and not sticky at all. It’s about average price for a product that actually works!!!Not very good on my hair (blond) fine but thick hair slightly wavy. So to be fair maybe this product works on different hair types but for me it did not work. So I think it is best to check with a hair stylist to see what product works best on your type of hair.Lo utilizo con el cabello mojado para sacarlo con el blowerBeen losing hair lately and have been trying different products, thought this might work but not really happy with it. leaves my hair dry and sticky, might just be to thick of a product for me.Love the way it adds texture to my fine hair. Downside is I traveled with it and it leaked into the the cap!Volume and feels fullerDidn’t do as statedPrice affordableReview based on a 90-year old, 160 pound female. Package came with 2 pieces so you can either use one at a time or both, overlapped, so you’d have coverage for a taller person. Excellent quality, I have washed each at least 3 times, I felt like it shrunk a bit in the dryer (maybe 2 inches), but it wasn’t significant, probably because I used the high heat cycle, my fault. I would recommend and buy it again.I gave this 4 stars only because we ordered this from the "Order Again" page and the pads have changed. I was not unhappy with the pads but they were not the same even though the photo shows them being the same. Overall the pads are great, they wash up very well even after #2 soiling and are great if you have older pets. We use them for two, 15 year old cats. I line their bedding with these just in case they have an accident and they work every time.Purchased for my ageing grand aunt's bed, the pad covers a large portion on the bed (using two pads) and projects the mattress and mattress protectors and bedding. Protects against bed time accidents while sleepingThese are great. Got them for my bunny habitat. He likes them, but they do shrink. I have washed them twice now, and they have shrunk (I am sure because he is on a rug, and I am seeing more rug then I did before I washed them, I estimate they shrank about 1-2 inches). Anyway, does work, just know they will shrink some.The size gives great coverageExcellent product! Saves bedding.Large size is wonderful. Very absorbent and quick and easy to put on and take off. Stays put without being tucked in. Washes and dries easily. I do put it in the dryer.My family has several kinds for our special needs. I also use an incontinence pad for potty training my son. This is the best one out there by far! It covers so much space and stays in place. There have been no leak thrus at all and I've had it for 4 months now. I have dried it several times but I prefer to air dry this.I have 3 sets of these. They work better than expected. They really help making night time peacefulIt will protect my mattressI got these for an elderly family member. The big size is great.
Absorbent oh yes. but you will fell wetness. but it does not go thru the pad.
You need to follow washing and drying instructions to keep it that way. No bleach, No Hot water, and No hot dryer. I use wool balls to help them dry at a lower setting.
I have no complaints. It does what I need it to do.These are big enough that you can tuck them under the edge of the mattress, securing them. Very absorbent and easy to wash and dry. I'll be ordering another package of them to make sure we always have a clean one. It's nice not to be adding to the landfill!NoVery easy to wash up. I also dry on low heat just to try to save wear and tear on them.I bought this for my husband’s bed as he is disabled and uses a urinal to urinate. I placed it on top of the bed sheet and when he needed to get up, he was stuck and couldn’t comfortably move on it. This could have have been due to perspiration. Last night I placed the pad under the bed sheet and put disposable pads on top of the sheet. I think this will be the best solution. His skin isn’t in direct contact with the pad.Good absorbency, washed and dried in machine as directed, no problems. Saved sheets and mattress padI bought these incontinence pads for my senior dachshund. She occasionally has accidents in her sleep. They protect my mattress and make clean up a breeze. Highly recommend.Works to protect my bed from my incontinent senior dog.The size is great. Great fabric protection. Quilting very comfy. I’ve ordered quite a few smaller pads but this size is the best for beds, furniture and floorsThis is for an individual who has had several strokes and caused an incontinence disability. We were using a waterproof mattress cover with 2 disposable XL bed pads. They constantly leaked and it was expensive, and bedding had to be washed every day! These bed pads are large enough to cover a twin bed (shoulder to calves and full width) and it holds the fluid! They are standing up well with washing. I ordered another set to alternate them. They do at times trap water during washing but hasn't trapped the dirty water and dries quickly. They feel like a cotton quilt. Awesome product so far!We found these a few years ago and they are wonderful. They are perfect to add to our special needs child’s diaper when we are going to be out for a period of time.Both of my sons had issues with peeing out at night. We tried different brands of overnight diapers and larger sized diapers and nothing helped. We’ve been buying these for a long time and they are the only thing that has worked.My son 9 times out of 10 would pee through his diaper overnight. Didn't matter how snugSince he was six weeks old my now one year old has slept through the night. As much of a blessing as that has been, when he sleeps 12 to 13 hours a night (every night) he leaks through his diaper. Our first “answer” was to wake him and change him periodically through the night. But seriously, what parent wants to do that?? So our second “answer” was to put him in the next size up, overnight diaper. That worked well for about a month but he eventually leaked out of those diapers also. Not wanting to try wrapping him in TWO diapers at night, we found Sposie. Sposie IS THE ANSWER! Now, at just under a year old, our son sleeps through the night, wakes with a heavy diaper, but no more leaks!The first time we purchased these pads, they had an adhesive strip on the back. We liked those better than the pads without an adhesive strip (our current order of 6 packs of pads came without the adhesive strip, which was a disappointment) It took a few tries to determine the best spot from front to back in the diaper. The pads without adhesive tend to shift and can bunch up in the diaper. We absolutely love these pads. They extend the holding power of a diaper really well. Our child has a feeding tube and gets fluids constantly thru the night. Prior to using these pads she was having large diaper leaks that required washing clothing, sheets and mattress pad multiple times per week. They also work great on longer car trips. 4 stars only because the recent shipment came without adhesive and there was no chance to chose that option with ther order.These are amazing! My son has special needs and has to take medication in liquids, needless to say he pees a ton! We use these when he sleeps and on long trips. He only leaked through if we didn’t put them in his diaper correctly. Make sure to put the seam part down towards the diaper. We started using them in his size 3 diapers and he currently is in size 5. We started using them when he’d wake up in the middle of the night due to a full diaper. We’d have to change his sheets and by then he’d be completely awake. Not anymore! We all are getting a full nights sleep, and don’t have to do so much laundry! We’ll keep using them until he’s potty trained. I’m hopeful that these will keep working even if he has to use larger diapers. I was hesitant when my husband suggested using these, but now love them and won’t stop using them!This product has saved our sheets! My son drinks a lot of water and would easily wet through a night pull up. Sizing up was not an option for our 95 percentile toddler but a sposie inserted into the pull up was just the trick! We used to have pee throughs the majority of the week but now we hardly ever see them! We never let our sposie supply run low. What a life changer. Also, here's a hint, pull it up in the front above their weiner for boys. The thing works like magic.Literally the best for overnights!! Unfortunately there isn’t many diapers for younger babies for overnight that help absorb extreme pee’ers!

My only complaint I wish the first size and the 4-6 size had the adhesive like the bigger one to help keep them from moving.

Other than that we started using them when my LO was in Sz 3 diapers and now she is a Sz 4 and we have not had a leakage since usingWithout these pads, my toddler twins wet through their diapers every single night making mountains of pee laundry for their poor mother. We only use these at night but this review concerns twins so this is a 90 day supply for me. This would be a 6 month supply for someone using these just for overnight for one kiddo. That is awesome! This is cheaper than buying a separate supply of overnight diapers and these work better. I used to buy Huggins overnites and Pampers Nite diapers and they would wet through. Using these doublers saves me the laundry and wet pajamas as well as waking up to angry babies with irritated skin. I've used and reordered these several times. I'm pleased and would recommend these to anybody with a heavy night wetter. These would be great for a longer car trip and you could easily stash a couple in a diaper bag. They look like a very long thin maxi pad honestly but just the right length for front to back in your kiddos diaper.We've been blessed with a toddler who sleeps well at night. However, this means that by the time she wakes up in the morning it's been quite a while since her diaper was changed, and we noticed they were getting so full that they ended up leaking a bit. These diaper pads were the perfect answer. We put one of these in her diaper just before she goes to bed at night and they help absorb the extra fluid. No more overnight leaks! These liners can also be nice if, for example, you are about to board an airplane and might not have access to a changing area for a while.

They do add a little bulk to the diaper, but they are soft and lightweight so our daughter doesn't seem to mind them.These are great. Our 6 month old daughter started rolling over onto her belly every night. NOTHING worked - not overnight diapers, not going up a size, not even a maxi pad stuck in the top. The back of a diaper would be completely dry, the front SOAKED, and she'd have soaked through her jammies and wake up screaming at 3 am.
A cousin mentioned these when I was complaining about this, and so I figured I'd give them a try. They do the trick! They stay in place, add extra absorbency in the diaper wherever you put them. They go almost the full length of her size 3 diapers, but basically the purpose is to double up the front part, and it fits the bill.
This way it keeps her snoozing soundly for 12+ hours! If you've got a baby who WILL sleep through the night, you'll do anything to KEEP them asleep, right!?These are great. I have been using these on my little guy (18 months old now) since he was about 15 months I believe...because he started sleeping through the night...about 12 hours straight...meaning we would end up waking up prematurely to wet clothes. Not anymore. What I USED to do was put them in the diaper (higher in the front for a boy) but lower than the top of the diaper so it doesn't leak over the edge. Thing is that these pads are so long, that in the morning he was always soaked in the front, but dry in the back by his little bottom. Then he started leaking again! So, I decided to do what another reviewer said, I folded it in HALF and put that right in the front of the diaper. This works like a charm. He can sleep ALL NIGHT and we wake up to a soaked diaper and soaked booster pad, but his clothes are dry...and that's worth it to me!Love this product! My 2.5 yr old was leaking through his diaper almost every night and now with the sposies he NEVER leaks.
I had tried a few different diapers before trying the sposies but nothing else worked.

I do have to add that in order to prevent the diaper leaks I have to fold the sposie in half and place it at the front of the diaper.
Any other position and it would still leak. My son is a belly sleeper.
They are a bit expensive especially considering I ship them to Canada, but worth it.After reading reviews and seeing this product referenced in mommy forums, I bought it to use for my newborn. This product was a life saver (not to mention clothes and sheets saver) as my son was starting to get too small for his newborn pampers, but wasn't quite big enough for the size 1 pampers and would end up peeing through them. This helped my dilemma especially at night, as he started sleeping through the night and I didn't want to wake him just to change his diaper, only to have him soak through them. So adding these sposie pads to his nighttime pampers and during his in between stages has been very helpful.These have saved us from many sleepless nights! My 13 month old son was waking up everytime he would pee through the night, and sometimes he would pee right through his diaper. Now that we found sposies, he sleeps through the night and there are no more 2am bedsheetI had never heard of booster pads until this-- our first baby. Our son had trouble "making it" in his diaper through the night. Even though we used the big name brand "night time" diapers it didn't matter--- he'd still pee through the diaper.
Someone steered us to diaper booster pads and it was a total blessing because finally he could sleep through the night. Simply place centered in the diaper and put on at last diaper call. By morning the diaper will be full but not overflowing. This SAVES lots of time cleaning clothing, blankets and bed sheets that get soiled if peed on. It also saves precious sleep when the child wakes up cold because their clothingThese are a life savor! We started using these upon recommendation from a friend when our son was about 1. He is 20 months now and we use these at night. Very rarely will he wet through this and the diaper. These are a godsend! For a boy position a little higher in the front....like an inch of this should poke out the diaper.....if he's a stomach sleeper. And more even with the diaper front if you have a back sleeper. Either way point his penis down and you'll be good to go. We obviously order in bulk! Oh, and size up on night time diapers: so if in day you're in a 3...at night use these with a 4. And tighten the wait tighter than you'd think. I read that their tummies are big and full going to bed and as they empty their bladders during the night their tummy gets smaller so you end up with gaps in the diaper which equals leaks.My daughter would wake up with a completely full diaper and wet the bed because it was too much for the diaper to hold. Inevitably she would wet the bed. I was washing bedding daily for months! My friends told me about these and while occasionally she still leaks (because there is SOOOO MUCH PEE) it really works and has been a life saver!Before these pads, my little guy would leak and leak every nap and night. The amount of laundry was ridiculous. I tried different overnights diapers. I tried wrapping extra diapers around his leaky spots. I tried to change his diaper twice thru the night (that quickly ended due to sleep deprived crankiness). I tried limiting his fluids before bedtime. I tried diapers one size up, one size down. He always found a way to leak and be soaked by the time he woke up.

These pads are a sanity saver. Worked the first night we inserted one in his overnight diaper. No leaks! YAY! No more daily laundry. No more cranky wet baby. His pad and diaper were fully saturated but he stayed dry. Sometimes I put in two inserts when he is extra thirsty during dinner.
So much peace of mind now. So glad we found these .This shampoo & conditioner is excellent for dry hair! Especially since I had to have a keratin treatment at the salon because my hair was so dry & frizzy. I highly recommend it!I love this shampoo! Makes my hair feel so soft! Smells amazing too! I’ve ordered this product several times and the packaging is usually really good!
However this time, someone forgot to add the sealed wrap on top of the bottle! The bottle was in a plastic bag. It leaked ALL OVER all 4 of the items I ordered in this delivery!!! I’ve NEVER HAD THIS HAPPEN!! Very disappointing for sure!! Amazon needs to check this out BEFORE sending a bottle out in the mail!I have always used this brand because of my hairdresser. She got me hooked onto the one that’s for color treated hair. I read reviews and the description on this one as a shampoo and thought I would try it. It heavily dried my hair out for one, two the bottle was NOT sealed when sent, which I found highly concerning. I am unsure if I want to use it going forth considering I have no guarantee that this was an original product and not a remake of a product by an online seller. Afraid of what ingredients might have been added or used in this product. I can definitely say that I am disappointed…I was a little turned off by the scent, but love how it volumizes my hair and leaves it very silky. The smell is not terrible, but to me it smelled like spices, like Christmas spices. I like the Jasmine one's smell better, but it leaves my hair super flat. Again, this one is not that bad. And in my opinion, worth using for how it leaves my hair.Definitely, value for my money. My hair is soft & not dry at all. Will be buying it again.I will have to dilute or mix. Too strong a scent. Like WOW.I take very good care of my hair. I don't experience much breakage. I thought my hair was not just healthy but very healthy. Then I started using this brand of shampoo and conditioner and WOW! My hair used to be super curly when I was younger and I thought maybe because it's so long now (about 24 inches) it's more on the wavy side. After using this for about 2 weeks my ringlets are back!! I cannot recommend this brand enough!Love this product and its partner. I’ve been using them for about two years and they’re great. I like this one because it’s sulfate-free, but they have a whole line of hair care products to suit whatever you need.Really does strengthen hair. Does not leave hair sqeuaky clean; but leave a very small layer of conditioning like effect. But hair drys shiny and strengthened. The effect is volumizing. The scent is fantastic; sort of woody.Started out using one of their other shampoos and conditioners but switched to this because I needed sulfate-free (I color my hair). It’s amazing stuff. I love this brand.I like this shampoo. It smells good and my hair is shiny. I have fine thin hair and it does not weigh it down.Works great on my fine short hair. No drying the scalp either. Conditioning only once a week with this shampoo. My hairstylist recommended itIt was exactly what I was looking fir. It left my hair clean without feeling stripped.I wish I had known it wasn’t a clear shampoo. I like a clear shampoo better than a creamy one; I feel it cleans better. Just my own personal opinion. I won’t be purchasing this again.Smells like Mildew? I bought both the shampoo & conditioner. Shampoo has a great floral gardenia smell, and while the conditioner does have an undertone of floral - the main smell is mildew. I have tried using it many times, and each time I wish I'd have stopped at the shampoo. Not sure if this is the norm or I got a bad batch. Tried to return it, but was past the date.Perfect. Hope won’t be discontinued or price would vary in some absurd way.Perfect. Hope won’t be discontinued or price would vary in some absurd way.Best brand on the market! This brand makes different ones for all types of hair. Smells so good & same for the conditioners. My daughter uses the keratin & I use the one for color treated hair.This shampoo is extremely nourishing. I have really dry bleached hair and after 1 week I noticed a difference. It is difficult to find products that work and are safe for coloredI love itEnclosed screws cheapIt is a poo paper holder. Simple really.
As it is kind of the cheaper version of the Delta Lahara range, you do have to expect a few corners cut.
The chrome is not perfectly smooth, it does show some surface contamination from the plating process.
The chrome is not very thick, it will wear with time.
The weight is good, these are pretty heavy pieces, so the castings are solid.
I would strongly recommend measure 3 or 4 times before you mount the brackets on the walls, I did twice & I still have more slack in the rod than I would like to have as the holes were about 1This oil-rubbed bronze towel bar was under $10 yet, installed, looks like any of the higher-end brands. Its profile is modern and slim; it fits two folded hand towels perfectly. One thing to pay attention to when installing is the towel bar itself. If you don't mind it 'rolling' when you put your towels on there then install away, but if it bugs you that it rolls, i.e. is not fixed solid and makes a 'rolly noise' when you pull at the towels then when installing the towel bar into the two end pieces use some tape around the bar ends to 'lock' the bar in place so that it doesn't roll when you pull the towels off.
Can't believe we got this for such a low price and free shipping. Amazing, Amazon!The towel rod itself seems high quality and looks good. I'm taking off a star because:
1) The instructions say to drill 1Not too hard to install, looks good, the "shaft" wobbles slightly, but not bad overall. We'll see how it holds wet towel. Will update later.Not bad for the money. Installation is a little harder than with the name brand but it looks fine and is sturdy enough for any towel that I own.My towel is quite satisfied with this rack. It seems to supply its own gravitational field, so that the towel always hangs down. I have had problems with other brands that sometimes cause the towel to hang up, or just float right off. To be fair, those other ones were on the space station, so it might not be a fair comparison.This piece was a perfect match to the Delta hardware we already had installed and was lower cost.So to match the rest of my decor, I used Franklin Brass to update all three of my bathrooms, I chose this beautiful sleek towel holder. I would have given it five stars, but the rod jiggles and rolls every time I use the towel, the fit is not snug. I'm going to have to wedge something in the rod socket to stop the movement and squeaky sounds every time the towel is used. It is beautiful and functional and is cheaper than the Delta hardware, but the fit could definitely be more snug.I bought these to replace some old wooden towel bars in my bathroom. The install was pretty easy, and they look great. The materials seems like good quality, and I hope it lasts a long time (I cant know for sure yet). Overall im happy with my purchase, and will likely purchase more items from Franklin Brass.I like this simplistic design and this brand was the cheapest in this style. I purchased two and one of the bars had a slight ding. I would prefer something longer but this is probably the standard distance between wall studs to ensure the towel bar is solidly mounted.I have used Franklin Brass Somerset hardware in all of my three bathroom renovations. The price is very good, comparatively against the Delta line, and the quality is very good - brass, no cheap plastic. The towel rod does roll a bit but this brushed nickel one is not nearly as loose as the chrome 24 inch one I also purchased. There is some movement but the rod doesn't roll loosely or squeak. I think it will be possible to either wedge a tiny piece of paper or put some glue inside the socket to prevent the rod from rolling. I love the look!This towel bar is a knock off from the Delta Lahara series. It comes with a paper template for easy installation. Even though you have a template, make sure you use a stud finder after making your bracket marks. If your bracket aligns with a stud, just make sure you use a different size drill bit since you won't be using an anchor casing anymore. This took me about 10 min to install. Once installed it was very sturdy and the towel bar itself does not roll around loosely like many towel bars. Has a nice even finish as well.Really pretty when up. I took me a while to figure out how to properly install in the correct and sturdy manner, had to check out some you tube videos, but it looks great up. Great price for this lovely addition to my bathroomWorked fine in my little bathroom for a normal weight bath towel. Not too hard to install. Nice finish.Nice, sturdy and well made. What else can you say about a towel bar. I bought it because it matched the other things in my new bathroom. No complaints so far.It looks so good nice and sturdy and thick instead of The flimsy ones that come to the house.Good enough for the Kids bathroom. I would purchase Moen or Delta for a better finish. The wall mollies wouldn't hold so I had to sub out other ones I had on hand. Took longer to engage the hex screws vs a Moen or a Delta.

Also DO NOT USE THE PAPER TEMPLATE. It was of about a 1But it’s gorgeous! Just make sure you measure before you order (especially if your bath is on the smaller side), That you have room to open your door without it hitting the towel bar.

It has a very nice weight to it too. A real quality piece!Just what I needed to match my existing hardware. You get everything you need to hang it on the wall short the basic tools to set the anchors of course.I was a little hesitant at first to get this. I am a huge fan of adam's polishes, I still love their quality and product, but the air fresheners loss their sent a lot faster than I prefer and I felt like I was spending a lot more money on air fresheners than I wanted to. A friend recommended me to these and even showed me one. Smells amazing, I love the adjustable strength, one con I guess is where i put it. I try to avoid my cupholders because I don't want to lose that space. So i put it in a cubby right beneath a vent and it works great!Very strong smell so u might not need to twist all the way open.
Ive seen reviews ppl were disappointed with what they got because it wasnt a variety.
I got 6 cherries, 1 ice, 1 newport new car, 1 jasmine, 1 tropical colada, 1beverly hills bergamot, and 1 monterey vanilla. Not thrilled with so many cherries but happy i got a variety! Besides its kind of fun to open it not knowing what youll get.Para mis carrosWorth itBuena calisadGood scent and they work well, but half the box is cherry. It was the same the last time I ordered. It would be better to have more varietyLets be real if you are man you know what the smell of a trucker stop bathroom smells like. Pretty much every single scent in this case is a scent of that. I am giving it a 2 only because it is MY mistake I didnt see it was mostly the worst scent before ordering, otherwise I would give it a 1 because the variety is lacking.I’m not sure what issues everyone else is running into.

I’ve used this brand before and the thing about this brand is whatever the label says in terms of scent expectancy, cut it by half and that’s your true length.

A 60 day scent will last 30. So basically I bought enough to last me a full year.

I got a total of 6 different scents, with majority being California clean. Can’t complain because it’s all random probability on what you get.

The scent is VERY strong for me, not sure what the other people are running into (maybe they didn’t actually tear off the lid, lol?) The most I can do is 1You don't get variety all you get its a 12 pack of the same smell... after that it's actually pretty goodniceSolo tienes que ir moviendo las esponjas para que el olor perdure los 60 dias!The cherry isn’t a bad smell the rest smell pretty good but I’m not sure what their obsession is with the cherry one and why I got 6 of them and 1 of the rest. It would of been nice to get at least 2 each. I doubt I’ll use all the cherry ones as the smell will get old really fast.Upon opening, the scent was great. However, 2 days later there is no smell!!No todos tienen aroma, me salieron varios que no huelen nada nada.i got all 12 cherry. false advertisingI like the scent I received, I just didn’t want a whole dozen of them. I thought I was receiving a variety pack with some of the other scents as well. Is there any way I could just exchange this for an actual variety pack?I bought one from lowes to use in laundry room that was very fragrant. These however not nothing like that one. I put the desert jasmine in my car and can’t smell it at all; unless I stick my nose right up to it.Scents not strong enough and doesn’t last long.Used in my car. Smells great.I used to pick these things up one can at a time from the car wash. I found they smell good and last a month. But between 3 cars and a work truck I decided to try buying it by the case.
The 12 pack I received had 6 coronado cherry scents. Which was fine since it's my go to scent. The other 6 scents were one of jasmine, cranberry, tropical, strawberry, bubble gum, and vanilla. What's nice is I got to try scents that I wouldn't normally try. Two of those fragrence cans were a bit dried out and only lasted about a week. But I found that overall they all last 30 days regardless of the "flavor". I would recommend buying this in bulk if you use them in as many vehicles as I do. If not you may be better off picking up the scent you prefer while at the car wash.I have used this product for years.Now this is true stuff. Best I've ever used.This deodorant smells wonderful and lasts through my toughest day.Smells good and you get so many for the priceI used to use Mitchum, but it started to get too expensive. I tried A&H because it has the same active ingredients as Mitchum. The value and effectiveness of A&H can't be beat.my spouses favorite - lasts very longNo under arm itchingI’ve used this brand for many years and will for many moreDry and durableGreat price, smells good, lasts long!ValueLastsWe’ve been using this product for the longest time but now that we’ve moved we could no longer find it. Luckily we found it on Amazon and the product was exactly what we were looking for. It is completely genuine product by analyzing both longevity and scent. Great value for the money spent, actually think it’s cheaper then in store.Great product & valueI have sensitive skin and many other brands make me itch. Also my daughter is autistic so she's very sensitive to smells. This is perfect for me. Other brands that meet my requirements either cost much more or don't work very well.We bought 6 pack, since arm and hammer deodorant is only one my husband uses. We thought this was a good deal for 6 pack. My husband, after going through several of these, is saying that he seems to be going through them faster than the deodorant we buy in stores..... so I guess we're not really saving muchUsed this for a bunch of years, seller was very quick.
Will order againI love the value on this product for what you get and what you pay. They are great value. I recommend this purchase for the valueWent on okay at first and the scent was just okay. Seemed to do its job. The real problem is that after you get about half way through, the anti-perspirant won't stay in the dispenser. It falls out and breaks into little pieces making it worth about half what you paid for it. I tried going very slow and softly, but it never helped. It could have been a good buy, but not if half is wasted on the floor.We all known arm and hammer is a good brand. My husband loves this deodorant. This 6 pack is perfect and lasts him almost the whole year.La oportunidad y tiempo de entregaTotally worksI love this stuff feels great going down into your chest cause it’s cooling and this stuff works ! Plus it’s day and night which I love !!If I drink this in the evening and sleep, I almost faint and wake up in the morning, but my cold is all better. I recommend this medicine to people I meet and even give it to them as a gift. It works so well that the ingredients are suspicious.This is the cheapest that I have found that was in stock!Todo bienGreatThis Dayquil Good valueThis product is great! Unlike cheaper brands, this product helps me feel better sooner. I have been using it for a while because since I work in a school as an administrator, I am around many people and therefore catch colds rapidly. With this product available once I start to feel the symptoms of a cold, I would start taking it and it helps me ensure that I am staying healthy!I like the liquid because it coats a sore throat and works fasterThe taste is awful, but that is to be expected. I definitely think that the NyQuil worked better than the DayQuil. I felt when using the DayQuil I felt better for maybe an hour and then was back to square one, and you're only allowed one dose every 6 hours so I was miserable for the next 5 hours until I could take another dose. The NyQuil was very helpful though, after taking it I was asleep in less than 30 minutes and that was with a half dose and would sleep throughout the night with no problem, whereas without it I'd wake up every hour because of my congestion. With all this being said, I definitely think buying both together is better than just buying the NyQuil, although it was not the best for me, it was nice to have the DayQuil.Taste delicious
Doesn’t have to be in fridge
Works so well. Feel better and fall asleep shortly after intake.
Stay awake and don’t feel sick daytime.I prefer liquid. Didn’t even know pill form was made!!I probably paid a little more than what it would have cost me at a pharmacy but it was well worth the fact that I did not have to go out to the store to get some cold flu medicine when I could get it delivered by the next day worked out great for me since I was already sick and needed itGuaranteed to knock yo ass out cold turkeyIts perfect! Just as described.Good price pointI’m not sure if part of the value of this stuff is psychological, but regardless, I feel better when I’m sick knowing I’ve got at hand! I’m not not sure anything other than prescription cough syrup is fully effective in stopping a cold, but I think NyQuil helps to some degree.I purchased because of the convenience of purchasing and the good price. I have taken NyquilFirst thing I can tell you is don't buy this one! Buy the 44186 version. I actually bought that one first for one of our offices, and tried it out before buying another. However, instead of just going going back to my order history and re-ordering - I did a search and came up with this one under Prime and thought it was the same. It's miles from the same. This one feels a lot cheaper in it's construction. But the biggest difference? The large back is held to the seat part by the armrests only! Yes, you heard correctly, by the armrests. The 44186 model connects to the seat itself... so much better engineering. The small part- "back in motion" piece has an L shape connector to the seat. The then seat has an L shape connector to the backrest. On top of that, the reason I liked the chair was it's ability to keep pressure on my lower back. I'm not sure if this is also a difference- actually think it's broken... but I can't "lock" the seat from leaning forward like a rocking chair. The other one definitely locks. So I will be calling their customer service line tomorrow. I'm a bit concerned though as their is a web address you can also use- when I enter the Item # and PO# it tells me there is no matchI bought this chair with high hopes of good lower back support. I am 5'9" tall and 200 pounds.I could not stay seated, I kept sliding forward. My father in law is 5'6" tall and 145 pounds. He couldn't stay seated either.The forward spacers were not a solution at all. There were other problems as well. The seat supporting stem had no way of keeping the seat from pushing through the base. on my 3rd sitting, the stem sank through the base to the floor. I think this could be the chair it's supposed to be with some engineering redesign and construction help.Bought 2 of these computer chair for my husband and I . It is hard and hurts your back. It's supposed to be for your back not cause pain. If I had a way to return these I would. My husband has already given up on using his and is now back in his old chair and comfortable. Since using my new chair, it has caused my sciatica to flare up. I can only sit in it for short periods of time. Unhappy in Aberdeen, MDI use the chair for about seven hours three times a week and I don’t find it comfortable. The lever on left does nothing and when I lean forward I feel like I’m falling out!This chair looked great when it arrived and I was happy about the idea of strong lumbar support. Within several weeks of using it 8-10 hrs per day, it was causing severe pain in my lower back. It was not molding to me in any way and it was creating awkward positions that created the strain. Also, this chair was not labeled "Serta", a brand I generally trust. This chair has the potential to create major back problems, and I hope they take it off the site.

Edited to add: I would beware of whoever is trying to crash my review on this item and be cautious when using this product.need some work that back support that stick out began to get uncomfortable for me.Okay for my husband (6'2) too tall for me (5'2"). Kind of awkward the way it moves around. I would not have bought it if I would have been shopping bricks and mortar.This chair is so comfy and fits our backs very well. We looked all over for a good computer chair, as we use this one for, and found it on Amazon. Great price, too.This is one of the worst office chairs I have ever used. I was fooled into buying it by the reviews.Very uncomfortableGreat Chair. It does just as advertised. I have some lower back problems and the supposrt allows me to sit in comfort.As advertised.Great Chair very good quality, good for back.I am a petite 5'5'" woman with lower back pain and I have definitely benefited from the "sticking-out" lower back support. My feet just barely touch the ground however and I have to wear slippers in order to do so. That isn't a big deal.

Please note that the leather is very squeaky as you move back and forth. I think it will fade over time.

Not a perfect chair but the lower back support for me is a game changer.I bought a chair similar to this three years ago. The "bonded leather" has crumbled off the seat and arms leaving white cloth beneath the tan "leather". It looks awful and now I have to replace it. Don't be fooled. This is not a leather chair. Also, not very comfortable in the long run.What is the maximum weight the chair can hold. I can not find this information on any of the Serta Chair descriptions.Not bad. Find it a bit too high for me as I am only 5'6". My feet can't touch the floor on lowest height settingI first purchased this whitening gel from my dentist. It works amazing but recommend bleaching trays. I use my Invisalign trays. You just open the syringe by twisting the capI love opalescence. The price is very reasonable. You will get great results with little or no sensitivity using this product like you will get using other whitening products.Works really well.Very good seller, fast shipping and good value for the money!!!Better buy than through my dentistThese are very high quality and easy to buy on Amazon!Make sure you do your research on the time you should have them in. My dr told me to put them on overnight in my Invisalign retainer. DONT DO THAT. It’s only meant to be a few hours at a time. If longer, it may make your gums sensitive for a couple days.

One drawback is you do need your own retainer. No other option to apply.

They do whiten after a steady use for maybe a week. You should see a difference.Works greatTransform your dull and lackluster smile to one that will bedazzle. Flash those pearly whites after using OPALESCENCE.NaSame as the dentist sold and recommended for less.The gel is really hard and doesn’t spread into the trays well, maybe expired or a dupeI’m a person whose teeth could be whiter, so I bought these with a gift card I got for the holidays. I’ve only used them twice, but here is my review.

These actually work, and even better I have had no problems with sensitivity. That’s nice. But it would be nicer if these included mold able teeth trays. I had to buy those separate.

One thing I wish I would’ve looked into more is how long you’re supposed to wear these. For the 20% (what I bought) it suggests 2-4 hours for a single application! I suffer from fairly bad dry mouth, so 2 hours is the max I can go before I have to drink something. Also, I don’t exactly have 2-4 hours of my day that I can give to these for multiple days in a row. I am busy like many other people are. Honestly I wouldn’t have bought these if I knew that.

I personally recommend this brand, but instead of these I recommend the prefilled trays that are offered. I’ve read they only require 30 minutes, which is much more doable. Yes it’s more money, but for me personally it would be worth it to save my time and actually be able to use them!

3 stars because these actually work
-2 stars because it takes at least 2 hours to use themI have NO IDEA why some reviews are trying to make people fearful of this product, but it’s only been a week of me using it (3 hours a day, as instructed by my dentist) and the difference is night and day.

I had custom forms made by my dentist (to keep the gel from sitting on my gum line) and I apply the gel into the forms, pop them in and set my timer. I need to note that I have VERY SENSITIVE TEETH (sensitive to cold, sweets and even hot temps sometimes) and so I’ve used this paired with Sensodyne toothpaste and a fluoride mouth rinse. As long as it doesn’t touch my gums, I’m completely comfortable. No sensitivity. It’s a game changer.

My teeth are already so white after a week, that even my family members have noticed. My teeth are whiter than the whites of my eyes, photos aren’t doing them justice. Already getting so many compliments! USE THIS!!!!My teeth were getting really stained since I ware Invisalign’s aligner while drinking black coffee. For the first time, I use it 4 hrs every day. On 3rd day, my teeth turned up very white and my teeth are starting to be sensitive, so I stopped. But result is very satisfying. Now I use it 1I put the gell in my retainer over night once a month and wake up to whiter teeth. Doesn’t taste bad, not like much at all. No extra sensitivity to hot or cold afterwards. Dental exams have maintained as normal. No redness or soreness of gums.I've used this product for a few years and it seems to whiten teeth.
This is the first time I purchased from this vendor. When I opened the package, one of the syringe had a cut on the side and gel had leaked out. Very disappointed with quality control. Costing $5+ per syringe of teeth whitening gel, I am not happy with this vendor purchase.Teeth appear to be somewhat lighter. Can't objectively tell a large improvement. Was somewhat easy to use and apply . Most people will be turned off by the multiple steps needed to apply correctly!I use this product because it doesn't give my teeth as much sensitivity as the other brands. Was worried a lower % (went from 35% to 20%) wouldn't be effective enough but no issues there! Just one use for 2 hours and my teeth were noticeably whiter. Only need to use about 3-4 times for that real pearl white and then once a year for maintenance. Flavor could be more enjoyable, haven't tried the melon yet!